 巴夏：我遇到了双生火焰，但我们分手了，怎么回事？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-07-14

  好的，还有问题吗？  all right anything else

  是的，还有个  yes I do

  大概两年前， 我有三个灵媒一个接一个的告诉我将会遇到我的双生火焰  so about two years ago I had three psychics back-to-back telling me that I was going to meet my twin flame

  当我遇到他的时候，我会知道的，然后我遇到了  and I would know it when I met him and I did and

  你怎么知道是他？  how do you know it's him

  好吧，当我遇到那个人的时候  well when I met the person

  我很清楚就是那个人，就是这个男人  I was clear to be that that was the person and he's a man

  好吧，只是核对下  all right just checking

  但是，巴夏，我...  but Bashar I was

  恩，咋了？  yes but what

  我好沮丧，它没有...  I was frustrated it did not

  你很失望？  you're frustrated

  恩，因为...  well because

  嗯哼  yes

  我们之间并不顺利，有一些抗拒吧  it did not go well and there was resistance

  啊，不会吧！  oh no

  我想知道这是否能使你的注意力转向这个想法  I wonder if that could possibly have turned your attention to the idea

  就是双生火焰并不一定总是为了你认为的目的  that a twin flame doesn't always have to be for the purpose you think it is

  哦  Oh

  哦  oh

  我们对人际关系的基本定义是什么呢  what's our basic definition of relationships

  这段关系中的每一个人都是在为这段关系中的其他人服务的， 通过在那一时刻成为需要他们成为的反射， 来教他们如何更多的做自己  everyone in the relationship serves everyone else in the relationship by being the reflection they need at that moment to teach them how to be more of who they are

  不是人们认为这关系应该是什么样的  not what the person thinks the relationship should be for

  行  yes

  偶哟  ohh

  所以有许多种类的双生火焰  so there are many kinds of twin flames

  双生火焰并不一定总是要反映出 你们星球上的人认为是具有浪漫的意义  the idea doesn't necessarily always have to be reflective of what humans on your planet think of in the romantic sense

  它将是会教你最大化认识你自己的反射  the idea is it's going to be the reflection that teaches you the most about yourself

  并且让你有机会决定你可以选择如何回应那些意想不到出现的事情， 用积极的或者消极的方式回应  and gives you the opportunity to decide that you get to choose how to respond to things that come up that are unexpected in either a positive or a negative way

  而且这也教会了你很多，你会愿意去相信的关于你自我存在的真理  and that teaches you a lot about what you're willing to buy into about the truth of your own being

  是的  yes

  没有能比双生火焰做得更好的了  and no twin flame can do better than that

  是的，是的，他做到了，谢谢！  yes yes he did that yes thank you

  好的  all right

  这有帮助吗？  does that help you

  是的，有  yes it does

