 巴夏：双生火焰
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-06-14

Q:  I’d like a clear understanding of what theconcept twin flame is -- one’s twin flame.

问:我想要清楚地了解下“双生火焰”这一概念是什么。

 

B: It can be another way to say the idea of soulmate. It can be another wayto say the idea of a particular type of counterpart. It can be an offshoot soulin that sense; there are many ideas that that can be used to express. Dorecognize that the idea is not to go searching for that idea anywhere otherthan within yourself. That is when you will create yourself to be the type ofindividual that radiates being complete, containing both sides of the twinflame, and thus, attracting other individuals that will reflect to you theircontainment of their own completeness and twin flame identity.

巴夏:这也可以说是灵魂伴侣的另一种说法。它也可以是特定类型的对等的人的另一种说法。从那个意义上说，它可以是一个分支，有很多观点可以用来解释。一定要认识到，这个观点不是要去除了你内在以外的任何地方去寻找。也就是说，当你塑造自己成为一个辐射圆满的、包含了双生火焰双方圆满的那样的人，从而吸引其他人来反映给你他们也包含了自身的圆满和双生火焰的特性。



图片



B:  In a sense, in a sense, yes, it is one wayyou can manifest that idea. Do remember that fundamentally any individual youare interacting with, at any given moment, is there for a reason, and so youcan by all rights call anyone that you are interacting with, at any given moment,your soul mate for that moment. You follow me?

从某种意义上说，从某种意义上说，是的，这是一种你可以证明那个概念的方式。请记住，从根本上来说，在任何时候，你与之互动的每个人，都是有存在的原因的，所以不管怎么说，你可以称呼在任何时候与你互动的人暂且叫做是你的灵魂伴侣。你明白吗?

 

Q:  Mhmm.

问：恩

 

B:  Because they are the reflection you need tosee. And you are the reflection they need to see; otherwise you would beinteracting with someone else. Now, the concept that you most often colloquiallyrefer to as your soul mate is a very common thing. But generally speaking, whenyou make an agreement with an aspect of yourself, or another individual thatwill represent that aspect of yourself back to you, the agreement comes in thefollowing form:



B:因为他们反射给你你需要看到的。你也是反射给他们需要看到的反射;否则你会与别人交流。你最常说的“灵魂伴侣”这个概念是很常见的。但是一般来说，当你与你自己的一个面向达成协议时，或者另一个表现你那个面向的人，这个协议的形式如下:

 

 

When you go through life lookingfor a soul mate because you think you need that in order to be complete, whatyou will generally attract into your life is a relationship that will reflect abelief in your own incompleteness. But when you know you are a completeindividual and all the polarities of masculinity and femininity are blended andbalanced within you, then you can attract that individual you made theagreement with who is also likewise blended, as you say, to come into your lifeto reflect back to you the equality between you, the balance between you. Andthat is the twin flame that many of you refer to, that will allow you each toknow you are a mirror for each other, and in that mirror you see the flame thatis burning very brightly to be yourself. You follow me?



当你在生活中寻找灵魂伴侣时，因为你认为你需要那样才能完整，你通常会吸引至你的生活中的那段关系是，它会反映出你自身不完整的信念。但当你知道你是一个完整的人，你内在的所有的男性面向和女性面向是整合和平衡的，然后你就可以吸引那个你已经与其签订协议的也同样整合的人,就像你说的,进入你的生活中,通过你们之间的关系来反射回给你你内在的平等,你内在的平衡。这就是你们许多人谈到的双生火焰，这会使你们每一个人都认识到你们是彼此的一面镜子，在那面镜子里，你可以看到火焰在熊熊燃烧地尽显“你自己”。你明白吗?

 

图片



Wedo not put expectations on how it must be; we do not regret how it was or wasnot because we live in the moment and trust ourselves. So when you live in themoment and you trust yourself by being the fullest individual you can be youwill always attract whoever is appropriate for that moment. They can serve youto become who you want to be and you can serve them to allow them to becomemore of who they want to be. That's what relationships are for: looking into a mirrorand seeing another aspect of yourself.

我们不会期望它应该是怎样子的；我们并不后悔它是怎样或者不是怎样的，因为我们活在当下，相信我们自己。所以，当你活在当下，通过成为你能成为的完整的人并相信自己，你总能吸引适合那个时机的人。他们可以服务于使你成为你想要成为的人，你可以为他们服务，让他们成为他们想要成为的人。这就是关系的目的：看向那面镜子然后发现你自己的另一面向。

 

Onceagain, you can simply understand that an individual who needs to learn acertain thing may attach themselves to another individual who has alreadylearned it. The idea is, you are being of service. After all, if you say youlove this individual then you are desirous of serving them to be who they wantto be.

再一次，你可以简单地理解，一个需要学习某件事情的人可能会依附于另一个已经学会了它的人。你是在服务他人。毕竟，如果你说你爱这个人，那么你就是渴望为他们服务，来成为他们想要成为的人。