巴夏：领养
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2018-05-02



你好，巴夏  hey Bashar

你也好，日安  and to you good day

日安！  good day

英语不是我的母语  English is not my native language

我也是  mine neither

所以我会尽量表达清楚  so I try to express as clear as I can

没事的，你会做得很好  that is fine, you'll do fine

我能做些陈述吗？  can I make some statement

当然可以  of course you can

我觉得现在我的兴奋不像是呆在某个地方或者追求某个特定的职业  I feel like for now my excitement is not like staying some place or pursue a specific career

没必要非得这样  it doesn't have to

是的，现在我觉得我的兴奋只是到处漫游  yeah, now I feel my excitement is just wandering

我觉得我想去世界上最激动人心的地方  and feel like what is the most exciting place I want to be on the world

这不完全正确  but that's not completely true

是的  yes

因为当我们谈论跟随你的兴奋  because the idea is when we talk about following your excitement

我们也意思是说最简单的能做到的方式  we also mean in the simplest possible ways

事实上你今晚在这里  the fact that you are here tonight

我们假设这是跟随你兴奋的结果  we assume is the result of following your excitement

所以并非你只是坐着思考它  so it's not really true that you're just sitting and thinking about it

你在践行它  you are acting on it

只不过你以日常生活的方式去践行它了，这没问题的  it's just that you're acting on it in everyday ways which is fine

这并不是说要有一个规划的职业生涯，一个总体计划  it's not about having a life spanning career an overarching project

这是关于每时每刻都在寻找对你可行的，你能做的任何事情的选项  it's about at every moment looking for the options available to you of anything that you could do

甚至只是包含比任何其它选项多一点点的兴奋  that contains even just a little bit more excitement than any other option

然后就先做那一个吧  and acting on that one first

这就是我们全部的意思  that's all we mean

这就打开了局面，然后它可以从那展开  that starts the ball rolling and it may expand from there

但你是在按照你的兴奋去行动了  but you are acting on your excitement

因为如果你只是坐着和想想什么事情会使你兴奋  because if you were just sitting and thinking about what excites you

你今晚就不会来了  you wouldn't have come tonight

的确是  yes exactly

所以你在践行它  so you are acting on it

但我知道，你也可以在一个地方，探索、研究和思考你还想用什么其它的方式去表达你的兴奋  but I understand that you also can be in a place where you are exploring and examining and contemplating what other ways you might wish to express your excitement

这没关系的  and that's fine

兴奋的确会到处变动，这是要点  excitement does move all over the place, that's the point

你跟随着兴奋的线索  you follow the thread of excitement

这与兴奋到来的形式无关  it's not about the form in which the excitement comes

这是关于跟随兴奋的线索本身  it's about following the thread itself of the excitement

不管它以什么形式到来  no matter what form it comes in

是吧？  yes

你能明白吗？  is this making sense to you

是的  yes

好吧  all right

现在我觉得最让我兴奋的城市是蒙特利尔  now I feel like my most exciting city is Montreal

所以我呆在蒙特利尔学习弗拉门戈  so I stay in Montreal and learning Flamenco

这是我现在感到最兴奋的事情  which now I feel most excited

好吧  all right

这听起来像是在人生轨道上吧  and does this sound like on the track

你是说这是最令人兴奋的，那么这和处于轨道上不是同个东西吗？  are you saying it's most exciting? then isn't that the same thing as being on track

目前是的  yes for now

是  yes

那么这就对了，你已经回答了你自己的问题  well then there you go, you've answered your own question

是  yes

在你的声明中  in your statement

这是最令人兴奋的，这等同于走上了正轨  this is most exciting, that is the equivalent of being on track

是的  yes

你明白吗？  yes? you understand?

是的  yes

好的  all right

下面我有个问题关于整合  and after follow I have a question about incorporation

整合？  incorporation?

是的，这个例子是在我跟随我的激情一段时间之后  yeah the example is after I following my passions for a while

就像你告诉我们的那样  like you, you tell us

有些事情不会成一条线出现  then something well not in a line will show up

是的，但这是你兴奋的一部分，让它出现  yes but that's part of your excitement to have it show up

是，在我的例子中  yeah and in my example

比如在我跟随我的兴奋一阵子后  it's like after I following my excitement for a while

然后一个家庭秘密透露给了我  then a family secret has been revealed to me

啊，好兴奋  oh how exciting

意思是我妈最近告诉我我实际上不是她的亲生女儿  yeah meaning that my mother recently tell me that actually I am not her born daughter

而是她领养的  but her adopted

多么兴奋  how exciting

是是  yes yes

然后我并没有关于童年经历的清晰记忆  and then just but I don't have like clear memories about that childhood experience

我只想把这个当做例子问你  I just want to take this as an example to ask you

我怎样才能把这种新的发现整合进我的扩展中  how am I incorporate this kind of new discoveries or this to my as an expansion

难道这对你来说没有任何意义吗？他们实际上是出于爱有意地选择你做他们的孩子  well does it not mean anything to you that out of love they actually deliberately chose you to be their child?

啥？  sorry

对你来说难道这不意味着，他们出于爱有意识地选择你作为他们的孩子成为家庭的一员?  does it not mean anything to you that from love they deliberately chose you to be their child to be part of the family?

是的  yes

那么这是一种积极的方式去整合发现你被收养的想法  then that's a positive way to incorporate the idea of discovering that you're adopted

我们理解，从更高的层面上，每个人都选择了他们的家庭  we understand from a higher level that everyone chooses their family

有时候实际上灵魂会这样选择  and sometimes a spirit will actually do it that way

生下他们的人不一定是真正需要成为他们此生父母的人  the person that they're born to isn't necessarily the person that actually needs to be their parent in life

他们也许只是说为了我要做的事情  they may have simply said for the things I need to do

在我出生的时候，我需要时机安排最佳的  and when I need to be born the timing works out best

如果我出生在你那里  if I'm born to you

但你领养了我，因为这才是我真正需要去的地方  but you adopt me because this is where I actually need to be

唯一到那的方法就是说先出生在这个人那里  and the only way to get there is to be born to this person first

我知道她会把我送给别人收养  who I know will put me up for adoption

然后这个人会找到我  and then this person will find me

因为我无法在合适的时机出生在这个人身上  because I can't be born to this person in the right timing

所以我会通过这个人来遇到那个人  so I'll go through this person to meet this person

然后让这个人成为我的父母  and have this person to be my parent

根据我正在探索的主题所需要的正确时机  according to the correct timing for the theme I'm exploring

所以你是那个决定这么做的人  so you're the one that decided to do this

你乘坐了最近便的火车到达你需要去的地方  you took the most convenient train to get where you needed to go

从更高的精神层面上你知道这会发生  you knew that would happen from a higher spiritual level

你是策划了它的人  you're the one that planned that out

所以这一定意味着你知道你在做什么  so that must mean you knew what you were doing

你知道你需要最终到达你所处的位置  and you knew you needed to wind up where you are

这就是最简单的到那的方法  and that was just the easiest way to do it

这就是最小阻力道路  that was the path of least resistance

是吧  yes

是的，这个突发事件，怎么说，多少解释了为什么在我的生命中某个地方  yes and this explosion like how to say somehow explain why somewhere in my life

我觉得有几分无价值  I feel some extent of unworthiness

我觉得  I feel like

是的，但你知道你需要探索它才能改变它  yes but you knew you needed to explore that in order to transform it

这样你就能知道你是有价值的  so that you could know that you are worthy

这是探索和转变事物主题的一部分  that's part of the theme of exploration and transforming things is to come in

就是来到这里被给予信念系统，你必须把它转变成更正面的东西  and be given belief systems that you have to transform into something more positive

这是过程的一部分，这是你们星球上的转变之旅的一部分  that's part of the process, that's part of the journey of transformation on your planet

从负面到正面，黑暗到光明  going from negative to positive, darkness to light

限制到更加的自由  limitation to more freedom

是吧？  yes?

所以，你现在有明白你是有价值的吗？  so have you arrived at the place where you understand that you are worthy

还是你还在研究你可能是无价值的？  or are you still investigating the idea that you might actually be unworthy

我觉得百分之五十不值得的，百分之五十值得  and I feel unworthy like 50 percent worthy 50 percent

喔，百分之五  oh 50 percent

好的  all right

不值得啥？  unworthy of what?

因为我...  cuz I'm

不值得啥？  unworthy of what?

不值得...  unworthy of

快乐？  happiness?

不值得在这里  unworthy of to be here

不值得在你所在之处  unworthy to be where you are

我能问你一个问题吗？  may I ask you a question?

因为我的亲生父母不要我

可以  yes

除了在你现在这里，你怎么可能在别的什么地方？  how is it possible to be anywhere else other than where you are

你就在你现在的地方  you are where you are

因此你肯定已经决定了在这里是有目的的  therefore you must have decided that there is a purpose to being where you are

一定有什么东西是你能从中得到的，会对你的人生有益的，如果你那样用的话  there must be something you're going to get out of this that will benefit you in life if you use it that way

这不是值得的理由吗？  is that not a worthy cause

为什么你要对自己做出的选择做出评判呢？而你知道，这些选择正是你需要做出的选择  why are you judging yourself for making choices that you knew would be the choices you needed to make

为了经历你需要去经历的过程  in order to go through the process you needed to go through

为了从一个新的角度发现你自己  in order to discover yourself from a new point of view

为什么你批判自己做出了这些选择，既然你知道它们会对你有用  why judge yourself for having made these choices when you knew that they would work for you

你知道我们说的吗？  do you understand what we're saying

你在批判自己做出的选择，为了让你最终到达你现在的地方  you're judging yourself for the choices you made to wind up where you are

但是你所在的地方就是你需要待的地方  but where you are is where you need to be

所以，如果你以积极和建设性的方式去利用你的处境  so if you use your situation in a positive and constructive way

你就会从中得到积极的结果  you'll get a positive effect out of it

但是如果你坐在那里，批判自己，认为你人生的体验是无价值的  but if you sit there and judge yourself as unworthy for your experiences in life

你就没有用你设置在你人生道路上的东西来让你受益  you're not going to use the things you set up in the way that would benefit you

你只会消极地陷在原地  you're only going to wallow in the same place in a negative way

永远不会明白你是那个为了积极的目的而设置了这一切的人  and never understand that you're the one that set all this up for a positive purpose

你只是要那样去运用它  you just have to use it that way

你要知道你是出于积极的原因而那样做的  you have to know you did that for a positive reason

不要批判自己，就好像你做了真不好的不会服务于你的不会有益于你的事情  and not judge yourself as if you did something truly negative that will not serve you that will not benefit you

你还没做过呢  you haven't done that

你要相信你的安排  you need to trust what you set up

是  yes

然后那样去使用它吧  and use it in that way

知道它会引导你走向正向  knowing it will lead you in the positive direction

此外，你们所有人请理解，就像我们说了很多次了  and again please all of you understand as we have said many times

如果你真的不值得  if you were truly unworthy

你就不会存在了  you wouldn't exist

因为造物不会创造无价值的东西  because creation does not make unworthy things

你跟得上吗？  do you follow me

是  yes

如果你存在，造物本身就是说你的存在是有价值的  if you exist creation itself says you are worthy of your existence

因为它不会犯错  because it doesn't make mistakes

如果你存在，那么造物一定需要你存在，为了让造物能够完整  and if you exist then creation must need you to exist in order for creation to be complete

你肯定是值得你的存在  you have to be worthy of your existence

不然你就从来不会存在过  or you would never have existed

所以当你说我没价值  so when you say I'm not worthy

你完全是在跟造物争辩  you are literally arguing with creation

你永远不会赢这个争论  you will never win that argument

因为你无法停止存在  because you cannot stop existing

你无法中止存在  you cannot cease to exist

因为你特别的存在就是你价值的证明  therefore your very existence is proof of your worthiness

是  yes

你明白吗？  do you understand

是  yes

所以开始相信造物告诉你的，由于你存在的事实  so start believing what creation is telling you by the fact of your existence

你无法改变这一事实  you cannot change that fact

你是有价值的，只是因为你存在的事实，这就够了  you are worthy by just the fact of your existence and that's enough

你不需要其它任何的理由才有价值  you don't need any other reason to be worthy

你有价值，因为你存在  you are worthy because you exist

这就够了  that's enough

这有帮助吗？  does that help

有  yes

谢谢  thank you

我会开始叫你们“椒盐卷饼”，因为你们扭曲自己的方式，把关于自己的信念系统扭成这样惊人的  I'm going to start calling all of you "pretzels", for the way you twist yourself into these amazing belief systems about yourselves

这真的很杂技  it's really quite acrobatic