巴夏：男女能量平衡
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-12-01 22:11



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年11月18日




问：你好，老巴。
Hi, Bashar.

巴夏：日安，日安。
Good day! Good day!

问：我选择以人际关系教练的身份为人们服务。
So I have chosen to serve people in the form of being a relationship coach.

巴夏：哦，好的，多令人兴奋！
Oh, all right, how exciting!

问：谢谢！
Thank you!

我通过教导男性和女性的能量以及关系中这两者的差别来帮助人们，
And I do this through the teachings of masculine and feminine energies and the dichotomy of that in relationships,

我想确保我没有传播任何错误的信息，我想知道你是否可以澄清下男性和女性能量的两面性是如何应用于浪漫的关系中的？
So I want to make sure that I'm not spreading any misinformation, I was wondering if you could clarify how The Duality of masculine and feminine energies applies to the relationship dynamics romantically?

巴夏：一个人的男性能量和女性能量要实现平衡，你得让每一面的能量都能表达它们的需要，
Well, the idea is for each side to be reflected what they need to allow for a balance to occur on each side of both masculine and feminine energy in each individual.

明白了吗？
Does that make sense?

问：所以说，我猜男性更多的是运作在受伤的女性能量上，不平衡了，
So is it correct to say that I guess men operating from more wounded feminine energy are imbalanced?

因此需要吸引会反映这种不平衡的伴侣。
And therefore need to attract partners that will reflect that imbalance.

巴夏：每一个男性和每一个女性都包含了另一面的能力，包含了另一面的反射，
The idea is that each male and each female contains the ability of the opposite, contains the reflections of the opposite,




平衡它们，并在每个人身上平等地表现它们是关键，
And to balance them, and bring them out equally in each individual is the key,

这样男性就能平衡男性和女性的能量。
So that males have a balance of masculine and feminine energy.

并不是说他们真的变得更女性化了，
not meaning that they literally become more feminine,

而是他们能够并且愿意表达更多乐于接受的能量，而平衡的女性可以表达更多坚定自信的能量（这种能量通常与你们星球上的男性有关），
But they are able and willing to express more of the receptive energies, whereas the females in balance can express more of the idea of the assertive energies that are commonly associated with males on your planet,

这样关系中的每个人都是两者的平衡。
So that each individual in the relationship is a balance of both.

还有他们通常会吸引到，不管他们是否知道，
And they will usually attract into their lives, whether they know it or not,

不管他们有没有利用这一点，
Whether they take advantage of it or not,

吸引那些能反映彼此他们所需的人到他们的生活中，以此来达到他们内在男性能量和女性能量的平衡。
Those individuals who reflect to each what they need to achieve that balance within themselves.




问：当这种平衡达到时，通常是双方在一起的时候还是？
When that balance is reached, is that usually when Partners stay together or?

巴夏：也许，但这并不意味着他们必须这么做，
Maybe, it doesn't mean that they have to,

这可以是他们需要实现的目标，然后他们转向其它目标，
It can be that that was what they needed to achieve, and then they move on to something else,

所以不一定绝对认为他们必须在一起。
So it's not necessarily absolutely expected that they have to stay together.

但是，如果他们继续那样服务彼此，那么当然有很高的可能性他们会在一起，
But there is certainly a higher probability that they can, if they continue to serve each other in that way.

这有帮助吗？
Does that help?

问：当然有帮助。
Absolutely, yes.

巴夏：好的。
All right.


图片
End

