巴夏：家人们，谁懂啊？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-12-25 22:16



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年11月18日


问：如果有人从直系亲属或亲近的人那里得到负面的反馈，

在某种程度上，他们的话似乎更具力量，

因为很明显，那个人对你的价值的看法更重要。

我的意思是，你能说说区别吗？就是亲近的，

如果他们对你说的话让你感到难过，

或者如果是一个完全陌生的人，

我们如何以平衡的方式应对？


巴夏：好的，

恩，首先，
Yes, but first and foremost.

让我们对你所使用的语言提供另一层清晰的解释。
Let us provide another level of of clarity to the language that you're using

因为我们知道反射这个词可能会令人困惑，这就是为什么我们试图澄清这个概念，
Because we understand that the word reflection can be confusing, and this is why we're attempting to clarify the idea,

也许人们最好的理解是，
Perhaps, it would be better for people to understand,

如果他们愿意真正审视自己，首先要理解反射和投射之间的区别。
Again, if they're willing to really look at themselves, first to understand that there is a difference between reflection and projection.

学习区别，辨别反射和投射的区别，反射是反射到你身上的，那是你需要了解的关于你自己的东西，投射是别人投射到你身上的，那更多地反映了他们的问题，而不是你的问题，
So the idea is to learn the difference, to discern the difference between what is being reflected to you that you need to know about self and what is being projected to you from another that is more reflective of their issue, rather than yours,

所以让我们把投射的概念加入反射的概念中，
So let's add the idea of projection to the concept of reflection,

这两个词的用法可以更容易分辨哪个是哪个。
And that usage of those two words may make it easier to discern which is which.

但在家族的血脉中，因为出于爱，你对他们有一种天生的感觉，或与生俱来的连接，
But the idea in Family Lines is because you have an innate feeling or an innate connection to them out of love,


因为家人代表了连接、爱和支持，你加了这种连接，加了这种爱和支持，
Because family represents the idea of connections of love and support that you add that connection you add that idea of love and support,

这让你对他们所说的话有不同的理解，不同于陌生人对你说的话，因为你认为他们没有爱过来。
And it makes you take what they're saying more differently than you would with a stranger, where you assume no love is coming from them.


译注：因为特殊的关系，导致你更容易吸收家人的信念。


所以，你拥有的这种实际的爱的联系让你更容易接受他们对你的任何投射，这些投射代表了他们自己的问题，
So it is the actual connection of love that you have that makes you more susceptible to the idea of receiving whatever projections they may be projecting on to you that represent their issues,

因为你更愿意这么看自己，更愿意假设他们对你的看法可能是正确的，即使他们错了，
Because you're willing to look at yourself more readily, and assume more readily that they may be right about you, even if they're not,

因为你对他们有爱的感觉，因为家庭的联系。
Because of the connection you feel of love to them, because of the family connection.

End

