巴夏：关于“结婚”
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-08-25 20:45



问：
I'm curious, do you have marriage on your planet? 
我很好奇，在你们的星球上，你们有婚姻吗？

巴夏：
Not in the way you understand it as a ritual on yours, no! 
不，并不存在你所理解那样的仪式

We allow relationships to be whatever they choose to be, whatever they turn out to be. 
我们只是允许关系选择是什么样，就是什么样；成为什么样，就是什么样

It's not really ritualized in that sense 
从这个意义上讲，我们的关系，并没有“仪式化”

If we are with one person for a certain amount of time, I suppose you could say that a marriage 
如果我们和某个人相处了一段时间，那么，你可以认为这是一段“婚姻”

But it could change. 
但是，这也会改变

We won't know what the relationship is, until the relationship changes again 
我们并不知道这段关系是什么，直到它再次改变

We won't assume what it should be. 
我们也不会预想它应该是什么样

We just let it be what it is 
我们只是让它“是什么，就是什么”

问：
好的

巴夏：
In that sense, you could say that everyone in our planet is married to everyone else 
从这个意义上讲，你可以说，我们星球上的每个人，都和其他所有人结婚了

We're all in one marriage that contains a number of different expressions of relationship 
我们都在一个大婚姻里，而这个婚姻，包含了诸多不同的方式，来表达我们之间的关系

问：
Here on this planet, we have a license to get married 
在地球上，我们领了结婚证，才算结婚

And it is sanctioned by government 
结婚，需要Z府批准

巴夏：
Yes, I'm well aware of the rituals that you have 
是的，我很清楚你们的仪式

问：
Do we when we are, when we get a license and it's sanctioned by government 
那么，当我们获得了Z府批准的结婚证后

Do we tap into a vibrational frequency such as government? 
我们是否接入了某些频率，比如说，Z府的频率？

Does that make sense? 
你明白我的意思吗？

巴夏：
You can create whatever vibrational state you prefer, regardless of what anyone else says 
你可以创造任何你喜好的振动状态，而不论别人说什么

If you want to use the ritual and the license and the relationship you may be forming with government to allow yourself to use it as a permission slip to allow you to give yourself permission to go into the state you prefer, then by all means you can do that 
如果你想通过结婚仪式与结婚证，以及你与Z府建立的关系，把它们当做一个“自我意识许可”来使用，从而让自己“许可”自己进入那样状态的，那么，你当然可以这么做

But if you stop and think about it, you could just go into that state anytime you really wanted to 
但是，如果你停下来，想一想，认识到：你可以在任何你想要的时候，直接进入那样的状态

是吧？

问：
是的！

巴夏：
Then it's up to you to decide whether or not you need the permission slip 
你需要自己来决定，你是否需要这样的自我意识许可（结婚）

问：
好嘞，太棒了！




相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar
或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar