巴夏：“关系”的作用
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-05-21
图片





问：

Can you expand on homosexuality, and being gay, bio-transgender on this society 

对于我们社会中存在的同性恋、变性人，你能否展开说明一下呢？



巴夏：

Yes! 

好的！



Well, many people on your planet have been raised to have a lot of fear about all the different kinds of energies that everyone contain 

作为人类，每个人都包含了各种各样不同的能量。而很多人，在成长过程中，都被灌输了对自身这些不同能量的诸多恐惧



So many other beings on your planet have decided that they will act as an example of the different kinds of energies and different kinds of expressions that a human can represent 

于是，就有许多其他人，决定以己之身作为示范，用不同的方式，向他们彰显生而为人的各种不同能量，以及各种表达能量的不同方式



And therefore your society is full of all sorts of different ways of representing the concept of gender and sexuality and expression and consciousness 

因此，你们的社会中，在表达性别、性爱、（性）形式和意识形态的方式上，就充满了多样性



To give everyone an understanding that you are far greater and have the ability to express yourself from far more directions than you think

从而让每个人明白：你们比你们所认为的还要宏伟的多，并且，有能力朝向更多的方向，去表达自我、彰显自我



and help people loosen up their fears about what it is they contain, so that they don't have to fear reflections of those things when they show up in their lives 

同时，也帮助人们减缓对自己的（某些）能量的恐惧，这样的话，当这些能量的“反射映像”出现在他们生命中的时候（恐惧的能量显化在生命中的时候），他们就不会对那么地恐惧了



So you're helping each other get used to the idea that you're really a multidimensional being can express yourself in a number of ways 

所以，你们是在相互帮忙，让自己慢慢地明白：你们其实是多维度的存在体，并且可以以很多的方式表达自己



问：

And these people, they fall in love, from the heart to heart, or heart falls in love with another heart, no matter of the body. 

所以，这些人才会心有灵犀、心心相印、一心一意、全心全意地相爱，而不顾自己的身体状况吗？



巴夏：

Well, yes, in a sense. 

某种意义上讲，是这样的！



Because if the consciousness vibration recognizes a compatible consciousness vibration, then there is always a purpose to that attraction 

因为，如果一个（存在体的）意识振动 识别到另一个与之相互匹配的意识振动，那么，肯定有某种目的，才会让二者相互吸引



And the purpose fundamentally, is always in any relationship that everyone involved in the relationship aids and assists the others in the relationship to learn what they need to learn to become more aware of more of who they are. 

而任何一种“关系”的目的，根本上讲，都是为了让关系中的“每个人”，能够协助关系中的“其他人”学习他们所需要学习的课程，从而让他们更加地觉悟到他们的真正本质（真正所“是”）



That's what relationships are for. 

这就是“关系”的作用



And therefore, of course, that can happen from many different directions in many different ways through many different expressions to reveal the differences within your consciousness 

当然了，关系的产生，可以通过很多不同的方式，可以来自于很多不同的源头（方向）；关系的表达，也可以通过很多不同的方式，但都是为了揭示你们意识内部的多样性



问：

Thank you! 

谢谢!



巴夏：

Does that help? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes, thank you! 

好的，谢谢!




