巴夏：失恋，带给你什么？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-10-12



问：

For about three years, I've been suffering from a loss of a love that was very traumatic. 

大约三年前，我结束了一场刻骨铭心的恋情，从那时候开始，我就饱受失恋之苦，感觉怅然若失、伤心欲绝、痛不欲生……



And it seemed that a lot of things in my life fell apart because of that. 

我生命中的很多东西似乎也因此土崩瓦解、分崩离析……



My phone service was shut off, I lost my home, my business fell apart, and so on. 

我的电话停机了，家没了，生意破产了……等等……



It caused me a lot of soul searching. 

这也让我在灵魂方面做了很多的反省（搜查）



Well, I desired to be in a relationship of common support. 

嗯……我渴望能够拥有一个互相支持的关系。



巴夏：

Alright. Then in that sense, what you are saying is, if that person was not exhibiting what you preferred to be in a relationship as an equal sharer, then that was not a relationship you preferred. 

好的！那照你的意思，如果对方在关系中并没有给予你所希望的“等值的分享”，那这样的关系就不是你所喜好的，是不是呢？



问：

Right. 

对！



巴夏：

Then if that should change, why are you in pain? 

既然如此，那你们的关系肯定会发生改变，那你又何来痛苦呢？



问：

Well, it did need to change and what I think happened is this event was a catalyst for me to experience other painful stuff I had never allowed myself to feel or even remember.

是的，这个关系需要改变。而且我觉得这次失恋是我人生的催化剂，让我去体验那些我不允许自己去感受的痛苦，甚至不想回忆起那些过去。



巴夏：

Alright. Then it has served you in a positive way. 

好！这说明它已经给予你积极正面的服务了。



Have you explored these other issues that have created pain within you? Have you dived into them? 

那你有没有研究过这些导致你痛苦的问题呢？你有没有“钻进”这些痛苦里面呢？



问：

I've been working really hard. Yeah. 

是的！我真的已经很努力了！



巴夏：

"Really hard." Alright.

很努力了？好的！



You don't have to really work too hard. You can just be consistent about it. That is really all it takes, Willingness and consistency. 

但你真的不需要太努力，你只需要坚持就够了。愿心和坚持，这就是你需要的全部。



You do not necessarily have to struggle with the idea. 

当然，你更不需要因此而苦苦挣扎了。



You don't have to feel badly about yourself in that sense, just because these issues may have come up. 

你也不需要因为这些问题时不时地冒出了，而感觉自己很糟糕。



You have not lost anything in that sense. You have utilized the relationship in exactly the way you intended to. So you could allow yourself to become more integrated by discovering all of these fragments that you have created within your consciousness. 

你已经根据自己的意愿，充分地利用了这个关系。从这个意义上讲，你并没有失去任何东西。

而且通过找回你（创造）的所有的意识的碎片，你会让自己变得更加完整。



电脑中有“硬盘碎片整理”这样的程序。电脑，其实是人类对宇宙意识的一种模拟。



And in that sense, the other person in doing what they did, in co-creating the separation with you, actually did the most loving thing they could have in the situation, because it served you by putting you in touch with other issues which may have been interfering with your creating the relationships you truly do prefer. 

同样，对方做了他们所做的事，跟你共同创造了“分手”的经历，这是他们在那种情况下所能做的最有“爱”的事。因为他们把你推到你（内在）的问题面前，而这些问题可能会妨碍你创造出你真正喜好的情感关系。



You do not have to define it as a loss, because you gained a greater understanding of yourself from the interaction. Understand? 

你可以不把它定义成一种“损失”，因为你通过你们的交往，让你对自己有了极大的了解，明白吗？




The fact that you exist is a sign that you deserve to exist. Creation has not created any superfluous things. Everything that exists belongs and deserves to know that it deserves to belong. You are no exception. You deserve everything that you can imagine and desire. 

“你存在”这个事实标志着你“值得”存在。造物主并没有创造哪个多余的东西。存在着的每个事物都拥有一席之地，而且祂也值得知道自己值得拥有。你也不例外。你值得拥有你能想象到的，或者渴望拥有的一切！

You must, however, be in touch with the belief systems that you have, because you are the creator of your experiential reality, both in physical terms and even on some levels of what you would term nonphysical. 

然而，你必须弄清楚你的信念系统，因为你所体验到的实相，是你创造的，不仅仅是那些物质实相，甚至还包括一些你们所说的非物质的实相。
