巴夏：存在的只有你
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-05-30
问：

Bashar, I have two girls whom I'm fond of. 

巴夏，我有两个女孩都是我所喜欢的



巴夏：

Oh, alright. I have many. 

好事啊！我还有好多个呢！



The ideas that we are discussing here have to do with what your society thinks relationships ought to be and what relationships can be, naturally. 

我们在此谈论的是：你们社会所认为的情感关系应该是什么样，以及关系自然发展会是什么样。



Do you follow along?

我说的你能跟得上吗？



The idea to understand is that relationships happen for a reason. 

要知道，每个关系的发生都是有原因的



If relationships do happen naturally, then you can learn many things from them. 

如果关系确实是自然发生的，那么你就能从中学到很多东西



In other words, if certain things go on that seem difficult and they are not the product of running away from something, then they can serve a positive purpose. 

换句话说，如果事情在进展过程中出现困难，而且这些困难的起因不是因为你要逃避某些事件，那么这种情况对你来说，就能起到积极正面的效应



If the situation you are in is not the product of denial, it can be something which results in much expansion for all involved. 

如果你的处境，不是由于你的抗拒与否定而造成的，那这个关系，对于所有相关人员的意识，都有极大的扩展作用



Are you measuring your present situation against a particular idea you think ought to be happening instead? Is there difficulty being experienced in your situation? And if so, what type? 

你是不是认为你现有的关系，跟你所认为的“应该的关系”有所冲突？你现在的处境，是不是有什么困难？如果有，是什么样的困难？



问：

The difficulty is I want to decide on just one. 

我的难题是：我难以决定要选哪个女子当终身伴侣



巴夏：

Why? 

为什么？



问：

Why?? 

你说，为什么吗？



巴夏：

Yes, why? 

是的，为什么？



This may seem like a strange question to your society but it is not a strange one to me. 

这对你们来说，会是个很奇怪的问题，但是对于我来说不奇怪。



What we are suggesting here is that the idea of your desire may simply be the result of an expectation rather than a natural act. 

在这里，我能给你的建议是：你的欲望，可能是你的“期待”所带来的结果，而不是你的“自然行为”的结果



So, why? 

所以我问你为什么



Are you suggesting that things would be easier if you could make a decision? 

难道你认为，你做了决定以后，事情就简单了？



问：

[沉默不语]



巴夏：

Do you not feel like talking about this? I'm not here to force what you do not want to discuss. 

你是不是不想谈这个？如果你不想说的话，我不会强迫你的。



This does not have to be complex. Honest.

这一点都不复杂，你只需要诚实地面对你自己。



 What are you experiencing right now? What is your hesitation? 

你现在感觉如何？你在犹豫什么？



问：

Talking on this topic in front of so many people. 

我在犹豫要不要在这么多人面前把话说出来



巴夏：

No, you're all alone. 

不！你一直以来都是一个人！



These [indicating the audience] are all aspects and extensions of you. 

房间里的每一个观众，都是你的“一个方面”，都是你的“一个拓展”



You are simply in a room full of mirrors. 

你是在一个到处都是镜子的房间里



But they are all tilted at various angles and all the different reflections look slightly different from one another.

这些镜子摆放得角度不同，所以反射的影像也会稍微有点区别



 So, speak freely, it is just you talking out loud. No one will judge you. 

所以，畅所欲言吧！没人会评判你（他们都是镜子）



For understand, if they judge you they lower their vibration to the same level. 

要知道，他们如果评判你，那他们的振频也会降到跟你一样



问：

I feel as if I cannot run away from them, either of them, and I want to know where this feeling comes from? 

我觉得不论是哪一个女子，我都离不开。所以我想知道我这种感觉（对她们的感情），从何而来？



巴夏：

Well, thank you very much.

很好！非常感谢！



 First of all you are obviously connected to both of them very strongly. 

很显然，你跟她们两个人都有着非常强的连接。



Running away would only be a denial of the relationships you naturally attracted. 

从你自然吸引而来的关系中逃离，都是一种抗拒/否定。



Understand that if you really believe you are functioning with full integrity to the best of your ability, then if both relationships still remain, then that's the natural result. 

要知道，如果你全心全力、光明磊落地面对她们，并且这两个关系还继续发展，那说明这是自然而然的结果。