巴夏：追求兴奋是一条连接高我、丰盛的线
亚蒂丝 无限宇宙之爱 2019-04-27


本文节选自巴夏通灵资料集《Quest For Truth》－本文无影片


2019-04-24



翻译：《EYDIS亚蒂丝》与心灵对话



Q:你有说过”诚实”是一个很重要的点。
Q: You have often talked about "integrity" being a crucial point.



巴夏:是的
B: Yes.



Q: 我在一个充满爱与关怀的环境中长大，我的灵魂充满着这些爱，当我看到有人对其他人好或照顾的时候，我很容易被感动。但最近几年来，我的生活过的一直很困难，我的意思，真的过的很辛苦。

Q: And all my life I have been raised with a lot of love and caring, and my soul is filled with it. I'm very moved when I see people being kind to others and caring. But my life in the last few years has been very hard. I mean, it's been so hard.



巴夏:意思是? 
B: In what sense?



Q:我看到我面对的人，他们心肠很硬，既无情又肤浅。
Q: Seeing the people that I deal with. They are so cold-hearted and hard. They're cmel and callous and shallow.



巴夏:这对你来说很困难?这是你想要表达的吗? 
B: And that's been hard for you? Is that what you are saying?



Q: 对，因为这对于我的灵性是非常的困难。我非常的想要保留，我父母亲给予我这样的能力和品质，但是我所遇到的人们与现实世界，有的时候真的令我非常的沮丧，我想要改变我的观点和转变到灵性更高的状态。

Q: Yes, it's been very hard on my spirit. I've tried so hard to retain the abilities and qualities of caring that my parents gave me. And sometimes it's very frustrating seeing the real world and the people I'm involved with. I would like to change my perspective and change to a higher state of being.



巴夏:好啊!那就这样做啊! 
B: Alright. Go ahead.



Q: 可是我想要知道如何做到。我听你的录音带和相关的东西，但是...，我不知道是不是我的无意识的信念还是什么，总是让我更无法接近我想吸收，或想保留相关的资讯。我想是一个聪明的人，但是结果我…

Q: Alright, I want to know how. I listen to your audio tapes and stuff but it's something—I don't know whether it's my unconscious beliefs or what—that keeps me from absorbing or retaining the information. I think I'm an intelligent person, but I'm just...



巴夏: 或许你只是负担”太多”别人的责任？

B: Just maybe taking a little "too much" responsibility for other people?



Q:对，我想我有这样。

Q: Yeah. I think that's true.



巴夏:好，这是第一个，还有其他的吗?

B: Alright. Well, that is number one. Anything else?



Q: 有，我想要吸引一个异性，一个我可以分享心事，和可以关心的人。我也想要一个，我真正能享受的职业，并且感觉到有成就的工作。

Q: Yes, I would also like to attract to myself a mate to share with and care for. And I would like to find a career that I really enjoy and could be successful at.



巴夏:找一个工作?

B: Find a career?



问:嗯，你知道，像是关怀他人的工作等等，但我想要当我做的时候可以赚钱，你知道...就是能够有钱。我这几年我都是在维修房子、管线，或做木工等等。

Q: Well, you know, as far as caring and stuff, I would like to make more money while I do it. You know, to be able to provide. I've flown home repair for years, plumbing, carpentry and all that .



巴夏:好吧，你觉得做这个让你兴奋吗?

B: Alright. So does that excite you?



Q: 当然。

Q: Well, sure it does.



巴夏: 这是最兴奋的事?

B: Is it the most exciting thing?



Q: 呃，有时候是。

Q: Well, at times. Yes.



巴夏: 有时候，好吧，以现在来看呢?

B: At times. Alright. Is it now?



问:有时候是，但是，嗯，好吧，身体不行。
Q: At times. But it is just, well, physically hard.



巴夏:所以这是你所能想到”最”兴奋的事情? 

B: Is it the MOST exciting thing you could imagine doing?



Q:不是，我想照顾人们，这是最兴奋的事情。
Q: No, I think caring for people would be the most exciting thing.



巴夏:用什么方法你可以照顾他们? 
B: In what way would you like to care for them? 
(Eydis注：此处巴夏的问题非常关键！）



Q:分享我自己给它们。
Q: Sharing myself with them.



巴夏:用什么样的方式? 
B: In what way? 


(Eydis注：因为询问者的回答很模糊，估计自己不知道要做什么，所以巴夏再次用问题询问对方，引导对方去思考－－你认为你可以用什么样的方式，去照顾人们，去做令你兴奋的事？）



Q:用我自己的所拥有的技能，你知道...就是做些维修。但是那里又会跑出不同的想法说，「你想要金钱补贴！」像是这类想法。但事实上，很多人有时没有办法给予金钱，他们只能给予非金钱的报酬。

Q: Using my skills that I have, you know, to repair things. But there are different trains of thought that say, "Well, you have to "expect monetary reimbursement" and stuff like that. And yes, that's true, but sometimes people aren't able to reimburse and there are many, sometimes much more rewarding ways than money.



巴夏:是的，丰盛有很多种方式。
B: Yes, there are many forms of abundance.



Q:嗯，我猜我想要知道这个，你有没有朋友可以来到这边，帮助我改变我的意识让我可以成为我什么都能做呢? 
Q: Well, I guess what I want to know is, can one of your friends "up-there"—could they maybe work on molding or shaping my consciousness so that I can become all I can be? 


(Eydis注：这个要求...真大胆，我也很想要，但巴夏一定跳过)

巴夏: 我们总是可以给你的协助，然而你须要接受。这个概念，再次，如果我回到原点，就是保持清晰的看法－－什么是你在你的生命中去表达一件事情，是你真正喜欢的？



不要去管其他人如何选择。用这个概念去理解。对，很多个体选择，用你的话说”心肠很硬和不仁慈” 但是你自己可以选择你自己喜欢的生活方式，你不需要把这些是其他人的选择，背在你的身上，绝对不需要。



B: We are always giving you assistance. However, you have to accept it. The idea again, if I may backtrack, is to keep clear sight about what it is that you really prefer as an expression in your life and be that way, regardless of how others choose to be. The idea is to recognize that, yes, many individuals may choose to be as you say, "hard-hearted and unkind" but that has no bearing on what you prefer to be in your own life. Absolutely none.



(Eydis:巴夏说回到原点来看，表示不会有什么外星朋友来动开脑手术让你变成超人...从一开始讨论的议题，重新做讨论，重新问了一句话＂不要管别人心肠多差，而是你自己到底喜欢怎样的生活方式嘛！＂)



巴夏:唯一你需要去协助它们的，完全就是做你自己喜欢的，然后作为无条件的爱的榜样，使得有一天他们也会选择这样做。
The only way you can really be of assistance to them completely is to maintain the example of the unconditional love in yourself that you would prefer—someday perhaps for them to choose for themselves as well.



只有那时，藉由你的榜样，他们被给予一个机会去看到这件是在你身上有效。当你选择在你的生命里，去经验创造无条件爱与喜悦—简单的因为你喜欢这样，他们看到你很开心，然后他们最终会很有可能的想要知道，你到底是怎么办到的?



为什么你一直都这么开心?你如何过得这么轻松?你有什么秘密?只有当你开始成为榜样，你可以帮助到它们使它们有机会去知道这件事可以有效。如果它们看到有人创造这样的生活，那么或许他们也可以创造。



Only then, by your example, are they given the opportunity to see that such a thing works for you. When you experience and choose to create unconditional love and joy in your life—simply because that is what you prefer and they see that you are a very happy individual— then they will eventually, more likely than not, want to know how do you do that. Why are you so happy all the time? How come it's so easy for you? What's your secret? Only by being that example do you then help by providing them an opportunity to know it can happen. If they see that someone can create that, then maybe they can create that too.



所以，第一个概念，允许你自己”停留在你偏好的火车上”，如果这件是正好是”爱的火车”那就在是它，


So, the first idea is to allow yourself to "stay on the train you prefer to be on." And if that happens to be the love train, then so be it.



允许你自己决定你要待在哪个列车上，由你自己决定停留的原因，而不是你觉得你必须要逼迫你自己、强迫自己进入在你身边的环境、情境、或机会。


Allow yourself always to determine what track you are riding for your own sake, not because you feel you are being pushed or pulled by the circumstances, situations or opinions of others around you.



如果你是被爱扶养长大的，那么你有很大的机会、真正的去帮助其他人，你所做的每一件事情，都像一个榜样一样散发着雷射光，你值得，你知道，去真正享受每一个你所采取的行动。然后，在某个时间点有件事情让你感到兴奋，这件事比起其他事更让你兴奋，你就去做，然后下一个时间点，再去抓取哪件事让你更兴奋，就这样一件接一件地做下去。


If you were raised with that kind of love then you have a great opportunity, truly, to help other people by expressing and by being an example of that radiant light in everything that you do. You deserve, as you know, to really be in joy in every single thing you undertake. And, if at one moment something excites you more than anything else and you do that, and then at the next moment something else completely different grabs your excitement, that might take you in another direction—then follow that. Always, follow your excitement, moment by moment.



兴奋是一条线，它是一条来自于「自然的你的振动」的线，它总是引导你进入情境，进入你需要的、适当的关系当中，显化你的兴奋会允许你加快前进。


Excitement is the thread. It is the thread that is the vibration of your natural self and it will always lead you precisely and exactly jjito the situations and into the relationships with the proper people that you need to be led into, to always allow you to accelerate in die direction of maintaining your excitement.



当我说”显化”我没有说实行这个概念需要毅力，当你做你喜欢做的事情时，那是一点都不费力地，而且是自动的。


And when I say "maintaining" I do not in any way mean to imply that the idea requires stamina. For when you are doing what you love to do, it is no effort at all and it is automatically there.



让我们再次厘清你的状况，因为你定义了丰盛，这件事阻挡了你去经验你的生活，


Allow us to again make very clear in your understanding that it is only your definitions of abundance that prevent you from experiencing it in your lives.



那里绝对没有任何有关丰盛的概念，或是经验丰盛，是很困难达成的。


There is absolutely nothing inherent in the idea of abundance or in the experience of abundance that is difficult to attain.



只有你定义丰盛这件事看起来似乎难以达到。这里还另一个丰盛的概念--「等待丰盛」，意思是等待和聚集所有物质象征，因为你认为这件事发生之前有另一件事情需要先发生，而不是仅仅允许当它准备好的时候就发生。


Only your definitions of abundance make it seem to be beyond your reach. And that is another idea of abundance as well: "an abundance of waiting for abundance"—waiting and gathering all the physical symbols you think need to be there before you will allow something to occur, rather than simply allowing it to occur when it is ready.



永远永远永远，你的丰盛，是直接连结到做”令你最兴奋的事”，如果你没有概念什么是令你兴奋的想法，因为这样而没做兴奋的事，这是绝对是、难怪会没有创造出丰盛的概念。因为”丰盛”和”做令你兴奋的事”是绝对连结的。


Always, always, always—your abundance is directly connected to the idea of doing what excites you the most. If you have no notion of what it is that excites you and therefore are not acting on what excites you the most, it is absolutely no wonder that you might not be creating the idea of abundance. Because "abundance" and doing what excites you" are absolutely connected. They are one and the same thing.



做令你最兴奋的事情，是与你的高我校准。与你的高我自动校准，可以自动吸引任何需要的情境和丰盛，好让你可以持续地去校准高我。


Doing what excites you the most is being aligned with your highest self. Being aligned with your highest self automatically attracts whatever situations and abundance are necessary to allow you to continue being aligned with your highest self.



如果你没有做令你最兴奋的事，你总是有吸引丰盛的困难。当你一个人独自的时候，放松进入冥想状态，给自己一个机会去做。发现，那是什么--在任何时刻，或是生命转换职业—那是一个比起其他的事情，更令你兴奋。


If you're not doing what excites you the most, you will often have difficulty in attracting abundance. Relax into the meditative state when you are alone and make an opportunity to do so. Discover what it is—whether at any given moment, or as a life spanning career—that would be something that excites you more than anything else.



当你发现你的兴奋的时候，就去做。我保证你会开始滚雪球，一个通往无限富足、自爱、吸引兴奋的机会的方向滚去，永久的。
When you discover what that excitement is, at any given moment, do it. I guarantee you will start the ball rolling in the direction of unlimited abundance, self love and the attraction of ever more exciting opportunities... forever.



那里没有其他的意外，每件事情都会发生到恰好的时间点，你可以知道现在你已经了解了这个事实，你就有能力去做或是早就应该想好丰盛的渴望，你已经准备超越旧的框架。


Since there are no accidents and everything happens in perfect timing, you can know that you are now aware of the fact that you have the ability to do this, or you would not have even conceived of the desire for abundance. You are already beyond the old framework.



相信藉由扮演”那个代表你已经得到报酬、并且超越了旧的架构的现实的你”。懂吗?



Let yourself believe it by acting like you are and reaping the rewards of the reality that is representative of the fact that you now know you are beyond the old framework. Understand?



Q:喔喔。
Q: Uh-huh.



巴夏:你听起来好像还没想好。
B: You don't sound too convinced.



Q:嗯…… 
Q: Hmmm.

巴夏:保持简单，

保持简单。探索你必须要去探索的，探索你尚未发现的自我。但是在探索中，爱你自己。你的确是值得的。了解吗?做令你兴奋的事情，你可以做到，这件事对你会有效。它会帮助你发现更多你自己，你需要去知道的。好吗?采取行动，再看看会发生什么事吧。



B: Keep it simple. Keep it simple. Explore what you must explore. Explore what you have uncovered about yourself. But in the exploration, love yourself; you certainly deserve to. Understand? Do what excites you the most. You can do it , it will work for you. And it will help you uncover more about yourself that you need to know. Alright? Take the step and see what happens.
