巴夏：伤害他人是兴奋吗？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-05-07 22:02



问：你好，老巴，

Hello bashar, hello again.



我今天的问题是关于兴奋公式的，你可能已经猜到了，

so my question today is about the formula as you may have guessed,



我们被教导要跟随我们内心的兴奋，

you know we are taught to follow our hearts excitement,



但当我试图向别人传播这些知识时，问题出现了，

but the question has come up when I'm trying to spread this knowledge to others,



如果兴奋不一定是正面的呢？

what if the excitement isn't necessarily positive?



比如：

so for example,



一个有暴力倾向的人可能会在伤害他人中找到刺激，

a violent person may find excitement in harming others,



一个种族主义者可能会在伤害某个特定种族的人时感到兴奋，没有别的原因之因为他们的存在，

a racist might find excitement in harming someone of this particular race for no other reason than that they exist,



偏执者，等等。

a bigot you know etc etc.



或者有人想和最好朋友的伴侣或者亲戚的伴侣上床，

or somebody that wants to sleep with a best friend's partner or like a relative's partner.



他们可能会对此感到非常兴奋，

they may feel very excited about this.



但我想这明显不同于你教的内心的兴奋，

but I assume that this is obviously different from what you're teaching with the hearts excitement,



我们怎么能区分我们应该跟随的兴奋呢？

so how do we differentiate between what is the excitement we should follow?



希望你能明白我说的，谢谢！

I hope that makes sense, thank you!



巴夏：你把“兴奋”这个词用得太随意了，

you are using the term excitement in a very loose way,



因为伤害别人其实不是跟随他们的兴奋，

because the idea of someone doing harm to another is not actually following their excitement.



尽管他们可以这样说，

even though they may call it such,



你得有能力辨别兴奋和焦虑之间的区别，

you have to have the ability to discern the difference between excitement and anxiety,



仅仅因为有人经历了焦虑，然后按着焦虑行动，把它叫做兴奋，并不意味着就是这样的，

and just because someone is going through anxiety and acting out on anxiety and calling it excitement doesn't make it so,



根据定义，兴奋是一条积极的路，

excitement by definition is a positive path,



这就是我们定义它的方式，兴奋、激情等等，

that's how we're defining it excitement passion so on so forth.



要明白，如果他们做的是负面机制上的定义，像是分离、分开、贬低、控制，

the idea is to simply understand that if they are doing the definition of mechanical negativity segregation separation diminishment control,



那么这些不是兴奋的同义词，

then these are not synonyms for excitement.



因为兴奋有一个积极的定义，

because excitement has a positive definition,



它们等同于焦虑和控制，

they are equal to anxiety and fear,



你得辨别出他们有没有这么做。

and you have to recognize the difference whether they do or not.