巴夏：越等越胖
原创 无限宇宙之爱 宇宙翻译官 2024-05-04 23:57


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2024年4月27日



问：好，下一个问题是，你能不能举例说明某个人可能持有哪些限制性的信念，导致他们身上囤有多余的脂肪。

Okay, and this next question is, "Can you please give some examples of what limiting beliefs a person may hold that is causing them to hold excess fat on their body?


巴夏：嗯，这又回到了，当然这不是唯一的原因，

Well, this goes back, now again, not the only reason,


而这又回到了你们语言中一种典型的委婉说法，即你可能在“等着做你需要做的事情”，

but this goes back to one of the typical euphemisms that your language provides in the fact that you may be quote-unquote "waiting around to do what it is you need to be doing",


你没有把你的精力向外用在送礼物、分享东西、做你热爱的事情、为人类服务上，

that you're not flowing your energy outward in giving gifts, in sharing things, in doing what you're passionate about, in being of service to humanity,


因此能量就会积累起来，

and therefore the energy builds up,


因为它无处可去，

because it's not got anywhere to go.


就会变成物质，因为能量和物质是同一东西的不同面向。

and it turns into matter because energy and matter are different sides of the same thing.


所以当你在等待做你需要做的事情来充分表达自己，充分追随你的激情，

So when you are waiting to do what it is you need to be doing to express yourself fully, to follow your passion fully,


然后它会转化为物质，增加你身体的重量。

then that can turn into mass and add weight to your system physically.


问：随着年龄的增长，这又怎么说？

And how might that apply to people as they age?


并不是所有的人都会变胖，但似乎有很大一部分人随着年龄的增长体重会增加。

Not that all people gain weight, but seems like a large percentage of the population gains weight as they get older.


巴夏：你们中的许多人已经等待了很长时间去做他们真正热爱的事情，去做他们真正的自己，

Well again, many, many individuals in your population have been waiting for a long time to do what it is they are truly passionate about doing, to be their true selves.


他们等待的时间越长，体重就可能增加得越多。

And the longer they wait, the more weight they may gain,


因为衰老的想法开始在他们的信念系统中暗示：现在对他们来说采取这些实际行动可能为时已晚，

because the idea of aging starts to imply in their belief system that it now may be too late for them to actually take those actions,


因此这增加了更多的等待，从而增加更多的体重。

and therefore that adds more waiting and therefore that adds more weight.


