五步兴奋公式
2025.8.17
这是一个工具包。这是一本包含五点、五条说明的说明书。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               采访时间：2025年8月12日

HCC:你能为任何新接触的人介绍一下这个公式吗？这太重要了。每次，每次你提及它，很多人都会说，哇，我以前从未听说过。但我听说这适用于更多人的生活，产生了积极的影响，这是值得分享的。

And could you just touch on the formula for anyone that's new? It's so important. And every time, every time you touch on it, so many people are like, wow, I never heard that before. But I hear this applied to more people's life, having a positive impact that it's worth sharing.

达里尔：是的，这是一个工具包。这是一本包含五点、五条说明的说明书。这很简单。它非常基础，但非常强大。第一点，你首先要按照自己的激情行动，确保它实际上是你的激情，而不仅仅是一厢情愿的想法，它真的与你个人的真理振动相一致。

Yeah, it's a toolkit. It's an instruction manual that contains five points, five instructions. It's very simple. It's very basic, but it's very powerful. Number one, you act on your passion first before anything else, making sure that it actually is your passion, not just wishful thinking, that it really is in alignment with your personal vibration of truth.

第二点。你尽可能地采取行动，直到你无法再继续下去，直到兴奋消失。并确保你不是那个用基于恐惧的信念或某种负面信念来抑制兴奋的人，而实际上这可能仍然是你的激情所在。如果你愿意做真实的自己。第三点，你按照自己的激情行事，绝对不坚持或假设结果应该是什么样子，因为事实是，我们并不总是知道理想的结果应该是怎样的。我们必须对这种可能性感到兴奋。一个理想的结果正在发生，但我们不能坚持它应该是什么样子，因为高我，我们的灵魂实际上可能会给我们带来比我们的物质思维所能想象的更好的东西。

You act on it. Number two, as far as you can possibly take it until you can take it no further, until the excitement wains.And making sure you're not the one dampening the excitement with a fear based belief or negative belief of some sort, when it actually might continue to be your passion.If you're willing to move forward as your true self. Number three, you act on your passion with absolutely no insistence or assumption as to what the outcome should look like, look like, because the truth is, we don't really always know what the ideal outcome actually should look like.We have to get excited about the possibility. Of an ideal outcome happening, but we can't insist on what it should look like, because the higher mind, our soul might actually bring us something that's even better than what our physical mind was capable of imagining.


所以为什么要用物质思维的视觉或解释来限制自己呢？我们可以使用视觉或可视化来对代表理想结果的事情感到兴奋，但你必须放下实际的画面，只需保持可视化给你带来的兴奋状态。这样高我，灵魂可以给你带来什么样的环境和机会实际上对你最有利。第四点，无论你显化出什么，你都会保持积极的状态，因为如果你把任何显化都视为积极的东西，那么任何显化都可以用来获得有益的结果。

So why limit ourselves by the physical mind's vision or interpretation? We can use a vision or a visualization to get excited about something that represents an ideal outcome, but you have to let the actual picture go and just stay in this state of excitement that the visualization put you in.So that the higher mind, the soul can bring you what circumstances and opportunities are actually going to be most beneficial for you.Number four, no matter what manifests, you stay in a positive state, because anything that manifests can be used to gain a beneficial outcome from if you identify it as something negative.

哦，为什么会这样？我应该超越这一点。这是错误的。某些事情出了点问题。然后，你以一种负面的方式定义它，你所能从中得到的只有负面的体验。但如果你保持积极的状态，无论显化出什么，你都一定知道，好吧，这可能不是我喜欢的，但这显化一定有原因。而原因也许只是为了让我学会如何从这种显化中获得正面的结果。如果没有什么别的，有时体验你不喜欢的事情可以通过对比非常清楚，通过对比更清楚，你更喜欢体验什么。

Oh, why did this happen? I should be beyond this. This is wrong. Something went wrong. Then you're defining it in a negative way, and all you can get out of it is a negative experience.But if you stay in a positive state, no matter what manifests, you have to know, okay, this may not be what I prefer, but there's got to be a reason why this manifested.And the reason is perhaps just for me to learn how to get a positive result out of this manifestation.If nothing else, sometimes experiencing what you don't prefer can make it very clear by contrast, more clear by contrast, what you do prefer.


这是一种积极的方式来使用你不喜欢的东西。因此，保持积极的状态总是会给你带来有益的结果。这是第四点。第五点，始终检查你的信念，调查自己，了解自己，放弃任何基于恐惧的信念，放弃你在成长过程中可能从别人那里学到的负面信念，以及他们并不真正属于你的问题。放下所有这些，清理你的阁楼，这样你才能真正更有效率地运转。并允许需要显化的东西更容易显化。你必须真正相信你的人生道路是如何展开的，你所面临的事情，你所面对的挑战，你在人生道路上所做的安排，来帮助你成长、学习、扩展，成为更多的你是谁。

And that's a positive way to use what you don't prefer. So staying in a positive state will always give you a beneficial outcome.That's number four. Number five, always examine your beliefs, investigate yourself, know yourself, let go of any fear-based beliefs, negative beliefs that you may have learned growing up that you may have taken from other people and their issues that don't really belong to you.Let all those go, clean out your attic so that you can really operate energetically more efficiently.And allow what needs to manifest to manifest more easily. You have to really trust the way your life path unfolds and the things that you're presented with, the challenges you're presented with, you laid out on your life path in order to help you grow, to learn, to expand, to become more of who you are.

所以再次，简而言之，按照你最高的激情行动。尽你所能地采取行动，直到你不能再采取行动了。不要坚持结果或假设结果应该是什么样子。无论发生什么，都要保持积极的状态。检查你的信念，放下基于恐惧和负面的信念。这就是五步公式，实际上是巴夏的说明书，他说，看，保持简单。不要把它弄得太复杂。只要按照说明去做。一切开始变得井井有条。你体验到更多的同步性。你会体验到更多的能量来在你的激情上行动。你会体验到与许多其他事物的更多连接，这些事物也代表了你的激情。

So again, really briefly, act on your highest passion. Take it as far as you can until you can take it no further.Don't insist on the outcome or assume what the outcome should look like. Stay in a positive state no matter what happens.Examine your beliefs and let go of the fear-based and negative ones. That's the five-step formula that's literally an instruction manual from Bashar saying.Don't overcomplicate it. Just follow the instructions. Everything starts falling into place. You experience more synchronicity.You experience more energy to act on your passion. You experience more connection to a lot of other things that are also representative of your passion.


你得到了生活中各种形式的丰足的支持，让你继续按照自己的激情行动，你得到了一面反射镜，它展示了你所坚持的东西与你的激情不一致，所以你可以认识到它，处理它，然后放手。这就是公式的工作原理。这很简单。它非常强大，但你必须精确地、非常、非常大力地使用它，然后它会改变你生活中所体验的一切。

You get supported by abundance in all of its forms in life to allow you to continue to act on your passion, and you get the reflective mirror that shows you in the thing you holding on to that is not in alignment with your passion so you can recognize it, deal with it, and let it go.That's how the formula works. It's very simple. It's very powerful, but you have to use it precisely, very, very strongly, and then it changes everything that you experience in your life.

HCC:我说这是为了其他人，但也是为了我自己，因为每次我听到它，它都会越来越深入地融入我的DNA。我喜欢听它，所以谢谢你。

I said that was for everyone else, but it's also for myself because every time I hear it, it cements itself deeper and deeper into my DNA.And I love hearing it, so thank you.

达里尔：这就是为什么巴夏非常乐意重复这句话，我也是，因为我知道不同的人需要以不同的方式听到事情，有时会有一个瞬间，它只需点击，他们就会明白。这就是我一直在做通灵的一个原因，这不仅对我的生活有效，而且我不断收到人们的反馈，他们最终确切地知道了如何在他们的生活中应用它，他们回来又走，哦，我的上帝。

And that's why Bashar is more than happy to repeat it  so am I because I know different people need to hear things in different ways, and sometimes there'll be a moment where it'll just click, and they'll get it.And that's the one reason why I keep doing the channeling is not only does it work for my life, I get constant feedback from people who finally got exactly how to apply it in their lives, and they come back and go, Oh, my God.

它产生了如此大的影响。现在我明白了如何应用这个公式，一切都变得更加积极、有创造力、充满爱、有连接。所以他真的给了我们一个蒸馏法，让我们在这五个步骤中创造我们的物理现实。

It made such a difference. And everything is so much more positive, creative, loving, connective, now that I understand how to apply that formula.So he's really giving us literally a distillation for how we create our physical reality in those five steps.



HCC:是的，当我最好的朋友对我说，你知道，我在生活中应用这个公式时，这是最酷的事情之一，这就是正在发生的事情。所以干得好。

Yeah, it's one of the coolest things when my best friends are saying to me, you know, I'm applying the formula in my life, and this is what's happening.So great work there. 

