巴夏：你的激情，才是最高形式的服务
问：

I cannot follow my excitement because I feel the need to be of service to people in my current career.

我无法跟随我的激情，因为我觉得，我需要在目前的工作中服务他人。



How can I follow my excitement while doing something I do not get joy from?

我如何在做着让我不快乐的事情的同时，仍能跟随随自己的兴奋呢？



巴夏：

You cannot follow your excitement while doing something you don't get joy from. 

你无法在做着不快乐的事情的同时，跟随你的激情。



That's a contradiction in energy.

这在能量上是相矛盾的。



The idea is to understand that following your excitement is the way to be of best service to humanity.

重要的是，你要明白：跟随你的激情，才是你服务他人的最佳方式。



Because your passion is representative of the gifts of who you truly are.

因为，你的激情，代表着你真实自我所拥有的天赋。



And if you are withholding the gifts from society of who you truly are, then you are not allowing people waiting to receive those gifts to receive them.

如果你把你的真正天赋藏匿起来，不与社会分享，那么，就让那些等待接受这些天赋的人，无法得到它们。



So by doing something that you think is of service in an energy that is not your passion, and in fact, may be a very resentful or negative energy, you are actually tainting the service that you think you're providing.

所以，如果你认为自己在做着服务他人的事情，但这种能量并非你的激情所在，甚至可能是一种充满怨恨或负面的能量，那么，你实际上玷污了你自认为提供的服务。



And you are not reaching as many people as you actually could if you were operating out of your passion, which is a much more all-encompassing vibration and will reach all of the people you need to reach, 

你也无法服务到原本你可以服务的更多的人，但如果你以激情的状态去行动，由于激情的频率更有包容性，你就触及到所有你需要触及的人。



Whereas now what you think of as doing service may reach a minimal amount of people, but again, you're going to color it with the lower vibration of your resistance to doing it.

而现在，你认为的服务，可能只影响到极少数人，并且，还会被你抗拒的低频振动所“污染”。



问：

I so appreciate the simplicity and the profundity of that message. Thank you.

这个信息如此简单，却又极其深刻。我深表感激。谢谢。



巴夏：

It is always actually very, very simple.

真相，一直都是非常、非常简单的。



We understand that humans like to complicate things.And we understand that one of the greatest challenges that humanity may have is understanding how simple things actually are.

我们能理解，人类喜欢把事情复杂化。我们也理解，人类面临的最大挑战之一，就是理解万物“简单”的本质。



Because you have been taught, if you don't expend a great amount of struggle and work, it's not worth it.You have to expend this effortand you have to striveand struggleand go through pain and suffering,and then it's worth it.

因为你们从小就被灌输：不经一番寒彻骨，怎得梅花扑鼻香。你必须倾尽全力，奋力拼搏，历经风霜，饱尝痛苦与磨难，然后，你才“值得拥有”。



You will, of course, face challenges.

当然，你会面临挑战。



but challenges are fun. Challenges are what you laid out for yourself to elevate yourself, to learn lessons, to help your soul grow and accelerate.

但挑战，充满乐趣。挑战，是你为自己铺设的成长阶梯，用以提升自己、学习功课，帮助你的灵魂成长并加速前行。



And that's why you need to approach them with curiosity and not trepidation.

这就是为什么你要怀揣好奇，勇敢面对挑战，而不是心怀恐惧，畏缩不前。



But you don't have to suffer.You don't have to struggle.

但是，你不必受苦，也无需挣扎。



You just need to act on your passion.That's all you really need to do and follow the rest of the principles in the formula that we've shared with all of you.

你只需将你的激情付诸行动，并且遵循我们所分享的“激情公式”的其他部分去做，这才是你真正需要做的。



We give that to you as a gift because it is literally a distillation of how you create your physical reality experience.

我们把这个公式作为礼物送给你们，因为它是“你如何创造物质实相体验”的精髓。



So we have condensed it for you into an instruction manual.Just follow the instructions like you would for any instruction manual.

所以，我们为你们把它浓缩成了一本“操作手册”。就像使用任何操作手册一样，你只需按照说明操作即可。



Don't add any instructions.Don't take away any instructions.

不要添加任何操作。不要删减任何操作。



Just follow the instructions.Your life will automatically work.

只需按部就班地遵循，你的人生就会自动地顺畅运转。



That's how it works.

这就是它使用方式。



Use it or don't use it, but that is your choice.

用或不用，全在于你的选择。



We give you the gift, it's up to you what to do with it.

我们把这礼物送给你，如何使用它，取决于你自己。


