巴夏：别恨自己
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-10-27 19:49


问：
What I need to get bypass at this point is that lingering resentment when I'm writing.
目前，我需要克服的是，我在写作过程中挥之不去的“怨恨”

巴夏：
Why do you have lingering resentment when you're doing something you say represents your excitement?
为什么在做你认为是你兴奋的事情时，你会有挥之不去的怨恨呢？

问：
That's my problem now.
这就是我现在的问题

I'm thinking, is this really my joy? Is this really what I want to do?
因为，我一直在想：这真的是我的喜悦吗？这真的是我想做的事吗？

So that's my problem.
所以，这就是我的问题

巴夏：
好的

It's just a challenge. It doesn't have to be a problem.
这只是个挑战，不一定就是问题

And it may simply be that you're bringing it to your attention that maybe some other expression would actually be more representative of your highest joy.
也许，这只是为了让你注意到：可能还有其他的方式，更能让你表达你的最高喜悦

But there's no need to resent that.
但没必要因此而怨恨

Remember, please remember, sometimes the way that you have been taught to live life, it's actually easier for you to figure out what it is you really are by momentarily seeing what it is you're not.
记住，请记住：关于如何生活，你们所受到的教育，有时候，通过让你短暂地看到“你不是什么”，反而让你们更容易发现“你是什么”

So sometimes the things that really aren't you are there for the purpose of more clearly delineating the things that are.
所以，有时候出现一些“不是你”的东西，其目的，是为了更清楚地描绘出“真实的你”

So don't put them down, don't resent them.
所以，不要贬低它们，不要怨恨它们

The idea is that if that thing is not representative of your true excitement, then by doing it and feeling what you're feeling, it is shown you, it is shown you that it may not be what excites you.
如果某件事（写作）不是你的真正兴奋，那么，通过做这件事，并感受你在做的过程中的感受，它就向你展示“这可能不是让你兴奋的事”

Now again, the caveat is you have to be careful and pay attention to whether or not you're simply defining it as something that's not your excitement, because of your definitions when, in fact, it could be.
当然，你也需要警觉，细心，并注意到：你是否因为自己的定义，而把它认定为“不是”让你兴奋的事，而事实上，它可能“是”。

You have to be clear about your definitions. Because you may have definitions that make it seem like it's not exciting, 
你必须清楚你的定义，因为，你有可能因为自己的某些定义，而使它看起来不兴奋

just because you have all of these conditions that you're putting on it, that make it not exciting.
因为，你可能给它附加了各种各样的条件，才会让它看似如此

So it may be exciting, but you may not be doing it in the way that excites you the most because of the way you think you have to go about it.
所以，它可能是让你兴奋的事，但是，你可能不是按最让你兴奋的方式去做，而是按你认为必须的某种方式做

And that might be what you resent.
这可能正是你所怨恨的

你明白吗？

问：
明白

巴夏：
But the idea is that first and foremost check to make sure that whatever it is you say, at any given moment of excitement, you're doing in the most exciting way you possibly could.
所以，在每个当下，对于你认为是让你兴奋的事，你首先要确保你是按照最让你兴奋的方式去做

And then if it really isn't the most exciting expression you can think of, then do what is.
然后，如果你发现这不是你能想到的最能表达你兴奋的事，那么，就去做让你兴奋的事

Because the idea of resentment is, again, that you're simply resenting yourself for forcing yourself to do something you're not really that passionate about.
因为，你之所以心生怨恨，就是因为你强迫自己做了不是自己的激情的事情，而因此怨恨自己

问：
对的！

巴夏：
你明白了吗？

问：
我完全明白了！

巴夏：
那么什么让你兴奋呢？

问：
我喜欢争论

巴夏：
那好呀！

这是否意味着你要从事法律行业？还是说，这你要成为一名辩论家？

问：
我已经是名律师了

（对观众说）你们别恨我哈，我是个好人

巴夏：
不要恨你自己！

问：
对！