巴夏：跟随激情，简化复杂的生活
问：

By following the formula, do we disentangle from the narrative that we have to make things complicated, or do you have any further advice on how we can do that?

当我们按照激情公式去行动时，我们是否就能自然而然地摆脱那种“凡事必须复杂化”的惯性思维？还是说，您有其他更深入的指引，能帮助我们更好地做到这一点呢？



巴夏：

When we say that the formula is an absolutely complete kit and contains absolutely everything you will need, then there is nothing in addition that needs to be added.

当我们说激情公式是一个绝对完整的工具包，包含了你所需要的一切时，这意味着你无需再添加任何额外的东西。



It is, literally, a complete kit.

它，的的确确，是一个完整的工具箱。



It is streamlined, it is efficient. It is everything you need because it has certain effects that automatically happen when you apply the principles of the formula.

它精简高效，运行顺畅，且包含了你所需要的一切，因为，当你应用激情公式时，它会自动地产生某些效应。  



It becomes the driving engine of your life giving you the energy to wake up in the morning and be so excited to continue acting on your passion.

它将成为你生命的驱动引擎，让你每天早上充满活力地醒来，并兴奋地继续跟随你的热情。



It becomes the path of connection to all other things that are representative of your passion.

它成为连接一切与你激情相关事物的桥梁。



It becomes the path of synchronicity, 

它成为同步性之路。



The organizing principle that shows you exactly when, where, and in what order to act on the things that you're passionate about.  

同步性这个组织原则，会精准地指引你在何时、何地、以何种顺序，去做你所热爱的事情。



It becomes the idea of the path of relevance so that only those things that are relevant for your life path will come to you as opportunities.

它成为“关联之路”，这样一来，只有那些与你的人生道路相关的事物，才会以“机遇”的形式，来到你身边。



It becomes the path of support so that it supports you in whatever way, shape, or form is truly the path of least resistance that you need to be supported in to allow you to continue to act on your passion

它成为支持之路，以最适合你的方式，以阻力最小的形式，来支持你，让你能持续跟随你的激情。



Because there are many forms of abundance not just one or two.

因为富足的形式，有很多种，绝非只有一两种。



And all the forms can come in in exactly the timing that they need to come in to support each other and support you in your ability to keep going on your passion

所有这些形式，都会在最恰当的时候到来，它们相互支持，也支持着你继续跟随你的激情。



Because abundance, really, from our point of view, is simply the ability to do what you need to do when you need to do it, 

因为，真正的富足，在我们看来，就是在你需要做你需要做的事情时，你就能做到的能力。



Period.

仅此而已



One more time abundance, the ability to do what you need to do when you need to do it,

再说一遍，富足，就是在你需要做你需要做的事情时，你就能做到的能力。



Period.

如此而已



That's it.

就这么简单



So, if any form of abundance comes in that gives you the ability to move forward, then you are abundant.

所以，如果有任何形式的富足到来，让你能够前行，那么，你就是富足的。



It doesn't have to always be money.

它不一定总得是金钱。



Money is one of the valid forms on your planet.

金钱，是你们星球上一种有效的富足形式。



Don't discount it.

不要忽视金钱



You can't discount it at the same way you can't ignore the others.

你不能轻视它，就像你不能轻视其他形式一样。



So, all of them have to be equal.

所有形式，都应被平等对待。



Money, being given a gift, having something to trade, imagination, communication, synchronicity, all of these are forms of abundance.  

金钱、获得馈赠、有可交易的物品、想象力、沟通、同步性，这些都是富足的形式。



Let them come to you. Let them work together in whatever percentages each of them need to work together to give you the 100% abundance you need to move forward on the things that represent your passion.

让它们来到你身边，让它们协同运作，以各自所需的比例协同运作，为你提供你所需要的100% 的富足，让你在你的激情上不断前行。



Sometimes, you may not need as much money as you think.  Someone may come along and give you a gift.  You may have something to trade that you didn't think about.  

有时候，你需要的钱，可能并没有你想象的那么多；有可能，某人会出现，送了你一份礼物；或有什么可交易的东西，是你之前没想到的。  



You may have an imagination that creates a path that you didn't think of before, that would require you not to have as much money.  

你的想象力，可能会开辟一条你之前没想过的道路，让你不需要那么多钱。



Communication, talking to people, expressing what it is you're doing, can get them excited about it too and you may be very surprised at how willing they are to help you with your passion.

与人沟通、交流，分享你正在做的事情，让他人也感到兴奋，然后，你可能会非常惊讶地发现，他们是多么乐意帮助你实现你的激情。



Because you can inspire people by sharing and communicating with them so that they're willing to help you move along as what you're doing may help them as well.

因为，通过与他人分享和沟通，你能够激励他们，让他们愿意帮助你前进，因为，你所做的事情，也可能对他们有所帮助。



Again, it's all about reflective service to humanity.

这就是“你为人人，人人为你”，最终服务于全人类。



So, when we talk about acting on your passion, mostly we mean acting on your passion in service to humanity.

当我们谈论跟随你的激情时，我们更多的是指：带着“为人民服务”意识，去践行你的激情！



Does this help you?

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes.

是的。

