巴夏：不OK的也OK，那就OK了！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-12-06


问：

Being in the now is very important, obviously. That's all there is. 

很显然，活在当下，非常重要，因为，一切都存在于当下



巴夏：

Yes 

是的！



问：

And I've noticed that I'm having a harder time recollecting, recalling memories and... 

我注意到，我在搜寻记忆、回想事情这方面，变得越来越困难



巴夏：

Congratulations! 

祝贺你!



问：

Even things that I'm inspired by, like... 

即使是那些我受到启发的东西，比如说……



巴夏：

That's all right. 

没关系的！



Remember we have no memory at all. We know what we need to know when we need to know it. 

记得不，我们根本就没有记忆。我们会在需要知道的时候，知道我们所需要知道的信息



Not a second before, but not a second later. 

不早一分，不晚一秒



问：

But sometimes I feel I'm not able to express that in my speech, like I miss the word, I can't remember 

但有时候，当我需要用言语表达的时候，我会忘词，不记得要说什么……



巴夏：

You'll get used to it. And you'll know what to say 

你会慢慢习惯的，也会知道你需要说什么



Right now, the difficulty you are having is just because you think you're supposed to be holding onto your memory in a certain way and it doesn't actually serve you to do so. 

现在，你面临的困难是：因为你认为：你应该以某种方式记住某些东西，而实际上，这么做，对你并无助益



So you're just kind of dragging your heels. 

所以，你有点“自拖后腿”



That's why you're having the experience. 

这就是为什么你会有这样的经历



But you get used to it. 

但你会习惯的！



问：

OK! 

好！



巴夏：

You will! 

你会的！



Just be OK with yourself! 

你只需要对自己，感觉OK！



Be OK with what's happening! 

对所发生的事，感觉OK！



Be OK with what is. 

对现状，感觉OK！



As soon as you are OK with what is happening, what is happening will change 

一旦你对发生的事感觉OK，那么，发生的事，也会发生改变



The only reason what is happening keeps happening is because you won't let it change by not being OK with what it is. 

同样的事情，之所以会重复不断地发生，只有一个原因，就是因为：你对这事感觉不OK，而导致事件无法改变



问：

Damn! I feel like that's my lesson. 

我勒个去！我感觉，这是我的功课！



巴夏：

It is! 

的确是！



问：

Yeah! That makes a lot of sense. 

是的！太有道理了！



Too smart. 

你丫太睿智了！



OK! Thank you so much! 

OK！非常感谢！



巴夏：

You are so welcome! 

不用客气！



问：

Chat later. 

我们，回聊！



巴夏：

It's OK to be OK with what is 

对现状感觉OK，是OK的



Even if what is happening is what you don't prefer, you have to know it must be happening for a reason that you do prefer. 

即使当前发生的事，不是你所喜好的，你也需要知道：它的发生，肯定是源于某种你喜好的理由



And by staying in the state where you know that what you don't prefer is happening for a reason you do prefer will allow you to extract from what you don't prefer what you do prefer 

当发生了你不喜好的事情时，如果你知道它的发生是出于某种你喜好的理由，并保持在这样“知晓”的状态里，那么，这将让你从不喜好的事件中，“提取”出你喜好的东西



Because it must be there for a reason. 

因为它的发生，肯定有某个原因



It only for no other reason, then to allow you more clarity about the difference between what you don't and do prefer. 

如果你实在找不出是什么原因，那么，让你更清楚地知道“非你喜好”与“喜好”的差异



That's reason enough for something you don't prefer to show up 

单单这一个理由，就足够了



And that a positive reason, 

而这，就是一个积极正面的理由



Use it that way and it will go on its way 

如此这般地使用非你喜好的事件，那么，它就自行它路了



Because you use up that the reason it there 

因为它出现的理由，已经被你用光了



By refusing to believe it belongs in your life, you make it stick around longer than it needs to. 

而如果，你拒绝相信它属于你人生的一部分，那么，这只会让它对你“黏连不决，长常相伴”



Because you're not getting the message, you're not getting the reason, you're not using it in the way you could be, 

因为你没收到它带给你的信息；你没明白事情发生的缘由；你的“打开方式不对”



And it'll stick around until you do 

于是，它就和你形影不离、如胶似漆，直到你正确地使用它



Because you're the one that invited it 

因为，邀请它来的人，是你！



Because it's what you need. 

因为，它正是你所需要的！



Remember, what you need is far more important than what you think you want 

请记住：你所“需要的”，远比你认为你“想要的”，重要的多得多



Because if you are going to want, at least want what you need 

如果你真“想要”，那么，至少请“想要”你所“需要”的



Because what you need is what will get you where you prefer to be 

因为你所需要的，将会引领你，去到你所喜好的地方



Where is what you want sometimes will allow you to be moving in circles 

而你所想要的，有时候会让你“徘徊不定”，让你的道路“迂回曲折”



Because sometimes, the way that you hold on a certain belief systems, you can always tell it what you want is actually aligned with what you really need. 

因为，有时候，由于某些你们紧抓不放的信念系统，让你们无法分辨：你们所“想要的”与你们所“需要的”是否真的相一致。



Sometimes the ego goes negative, and thinks that “what it wants is what it needs” and that's not often the case. 

有时候，当小我变得消极负面时，它会认为“它所想要的，就是它所需要的”，通常情况下，事实并非如此



But what you need will be given to you through synchronicity and what you need will allow you to experience a life of joy and ease. 

但是，你所需要的，将会通过同步性，给予到你，并且，你所需要的，将会让你的人生过得喜乐自在



So go for what you need. 

所以，去寻求你所需要的吧！



You will get everything that is relevant for you to get 

任何与你的人生相关的人事物，你都将拥有



Nothing will be left out. 

一个都不会落下



That's how it works. 

祂（激情）就是这么运作的



That's the definition of passion 

这就是“激情”的定义



It self-contained and self-perpetuating, 

祂，本自具足，本不生灭



It leaves nothing out 

祂，具足一切，能生一切



It's a complete kit. 

祂是一个完整的“工具箱”



It is absolutely intelligent. 

祂是绝对的智慧



It is intelligence itself. 

祂就是智慧本身！

