巴夏：什么是同步性？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-22


巴夏：

Do you understand what synchronicity is? 

你知道什么是“同步性”吗？



问：

Uh, I think I understand what it is. 

嗯……我想我知道！



巴夏：

Uh, I think... uh, your answer means... uh, no. [audience laughter] 

嗯……我想……你的意思是说……你不知道（观众笑……）



问：

Well, I'm not sure of the technical definition. 

嗯……我对于它的概念性定义不大了解



巴夏：

Well, thank you very much for your honesty. 

好！非常感谢你的诚实！



Synchronicity is what your civilization typically calls "coincidence", but it is not accidental. It is the coming together of seemingly unrelated events. 

同步性，在你们的文明中，你们称之为“巧合”，但它不是“意外”，而是那些看似不相关的事件的集合。



And when they come together you realize they do have, in fact, an underlying connection. 

当这些看似不相关的事件汇集的时候，你会发现，它们背后其实是有关联的。



They are spontaneous coincidences that serve a specific purpose according to your desires, wishes and focuses. 

同步性是自然而然发生的巧合，有其特定的目的，但它们的目的取决于你的渴望、心愿和关注点。



They are miracles, they are magic, they are opportunities. 

它们是奇迹，是魔法，是机遇！



Now, the idea is to recognize this: your wish, your desire, in and of itself, is a frequency of energy. 

要知道，你的渴望、心愿，其本身就是能量的一个频率



If you have the wish, if you have the desire, then you are "putting that energy out" in your reality, you are giving off that vibration. 

如果你有个渴望，如果你有个心愿，那你就在你的物质实相中释放出这种能量，辐射出这种振频。



If you are giving off that vibration, and if you don't get in your own way with your assumptions about what you "can" and "cannot do", then you will automatically and effortlessly draw to yourself the opportunities that will be obvious for you to act on to fulfill your wish. 

当你你辐射出这种振频，并且不思虑你能不能做得到时（如果你怀疑，就堵住了自己前进的道路），你就会自动地，且轻而易举地吸引一些很明显的机会，让你可以去行动，去完成你的心愿。



That's one definition of synchronicity. 

这是同步性的一种定义。



Now, if that is your wish, and as you shared earlier about wanting to save the Rain Forests, then you can know you have just sent a message out to the Totality of All That Is. 

你之前说你想拯救雨林，如果这是你的心愿的话，那你要知道：你已经给 一切所是/神 发出了一个信息，并且这个信息已经到达宇宙的每个角落。（愿意：你已经给一切所是发出了一个信息）



So when those opportunities come to you—recognize them through the fact that they are of the vibration that is representative of what excites you the most. 

所以，当机会来到你面前时，你要通过你身体的兴奋的感觉，识别出它们。因为事实上，这些机会代表着你最高兴奋的振频。



And if they are representative of what excites you the most, act on them. 

如果这些机会是你的最高兴奋，那你就要付诸行动。



Again, they may not seem to be on the surface immediately connected to the issue at hand. 

再次提醒：这些让你兴奋的事情，在表面上看，可能跟你的心愿没有直接关



That is why you simply have to trust that whatever comes to you that excites you the most, you must act on, whether it seems connected or not. 

这就是为什么你要有信心，相信：任何让你兴奋的事情来到你面前时，不论它跟你的心愿是否相关，你都要付诸行动。



Eventually you will understand how it is all inter-connected. 

最终，你会明白它们是如何相互连接在一起的。



But if you act on the opportunity that comes with the most excitement that is what will be the shortest path to the fulfillment of your wish.

如果你跟随兴奋的指引，不断地去做最让你兴奋的事情（选择最让你兴奋的机会），那这会是实现你心愿的最短路径。



Does this clarify the mechanism for you now? 

现在你能明白“同步性”的运作方式吗？



问：

Yes. 

是的！



巴夏：

Are you willing to act upon the first thing that comes along that is the most exciting thing you are capable of acting on, knowing that because it is the most exciting thing, it therefore by definition must be connected to your wish-fulfillment?

回到生活中，在每一个当下，最让你兴奋的、并且你有能力做的第一件事，根据其定义，它肯定跟完成你的心愿有关联，那面对这件事，你是否愿意去行动呢？



问：

Yes. 

愿意！



巴夏：

Well, thank you very much. 

很好！非常感谢！



Are you willing to allow it to be that simple? 

你是否接受 这么简单的做法呢？



Are you willing to act on these opportunities that come to you boldly, to the best of your ability, to the fullest of your expression as the being you know yourself to be? 

面对直接来到你面前的这些机会，你是否愿意完整地表达你对自己的认识，尽你最大能力地去行动呢？



问：

Yes. 

是的。



巴夏：

Then, as you stated your heart's desire earlier, you will make a difference in saving the Rain Forests.

那么，如你之前所述的心愿，你将为拯救雨林带来改变。



Understand? 

明白了吗？



And so will anyone else who has the same wish, who acts in the same way just outlined along with you. 

同样，任何与你心愿相同的人，将与你同行，与你同行动！

