巴夏Bashar：兴奋,是真我说-去做
笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2015-11-24

宇宙法则3：你给出的，就是你收获的

有偿阅读，随心支持

感恩！图片

Excitement, that sensation, is your physical body's translation of the communication from your higher mind, saying do this now.

兴奋，这感觉，是你的身体翻译高我的信息，说：现在就去做！



When you take the action, you're going:

当你行动了，你是在回答祂：



I hear your, loud and clear, so I'm taking this action,

我听到了，听得清清楚楚！所以我这样做了....



And that's your response to the higher mind

这就是你对高我的反应



And then you start the dialogue rolling

于是，你们的对话就不断继续



And now the higher mind can send you more things to excite you, bigger things to excite you

如此，高我可以给你更多、更大的让你兴奋的事物



Because it now knows you're willing to take action on them

因为祂现在知道，你愿意去行动



Anytime you resist, anytime you hold back,

任何时候你抗拒，任何时候你退缩



Higher mind says: Oops! Not ready!

高我说：哎呀！小朋友还没准备好！



Not goona give you more, until you're ready for more,

于是，不再给你更多，直到你准备好接收更多



But when you take the action, it will always give you more

但当你采取行动了，祂总会给你更多



And what it gives you, you are capable of doing

祂所给的，就是你有能力做的



It won't give you more than you can handle,

祂不会给你超过你处理能力的



So don't doubt yourself, don't diminish yourself, don't devalue yourself

所以不要怀疑自己，不要小看自己，不要贬低自己



When something is presented to you that's represented of your highest joy if it is truly

当有什么东西出现在你面前，而它真的代表你的最高喜悦



Act on it, to the best of your ability

行动吧！尽全力去行动！



And remember that sometimes the form in which your excitement comes

同时也记住，兴奋，不论以何种形式出现



doesn't mean that the form is the thing that needs to come to fruition.

并不意味着，它都将产生什么结果



Sometimes you just need a carrot dangled in front of your face to get you off your butt

有时候，你需要一根胡萝卜吊在你面前，好让你扭动你的屁股



But you don't always necessarily have to catch and eat the carrot

但你不一定要咬到萝卜，吃下它



Sometimes it just gets you moving

有时，萝卜就是要让你动起来！



And then the real thing that needs to excite you now and actually present itself to you

然后，真正让你兴奋的事，可以像礼物般，展现在你面前！



Because you finally change and shift in your state of being,

虽然“胡萝卜”未必产生某种结果，但它让你行动起来



by acting on the first thing which may not need to come to fruition.

而你的行动，改变了你的状态（与结果）



That's why you follow the thread of excitement

所以，跟随兴奋的指引



with zero insistence or assumption as to where it's leading

对事情的发展，不执著、不带预期心态



Except that you know it will always lead you to where you need to be

明白，祂将带领你去你需要去的地方



Yes? --Yes！

明白吗？ --- 明白！



Is our energy blowing things over

是不是我们的能量太高，把你high爆了？



I think that did!

我猜也是！



All right, we will tone it down a bit,

好吧，那我把能量调低点



But you get the point! ---I do, I do!

你明白我们的意思吧！--- 是的，是的！



That's how it works. That's the formula.

世界就是这么运转的，这就是祂的运转公式



This is just physics, nothing mysterious about it.

这也只是物理现象，没有什么神秘的东西



It's just resonance energy physics.

这只是谐振能量物理现象



That's it! What you put out, is what you get back.

仅此而已！你所给出的，就是所得到的（发出振频）



So be clear on what you're putting out.

所以要觉察你正在给出的（振频）



Yes? -- Great! Thank you.

明白吧？——非常棒！谢谢你。



Does this help you?

这对你有帮助吗？



Oh! Absolutely! Thank you!

啊！那是绝对的！谢谢你！