巴夏：如何才能“好运连连”？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-02-11



问：

So the idea of synchronicity though, you mentioned about negative synchronicity 

关于同步性，你之前提到“负面同步性”



Can you expand more on that? 

对此，你能否更细致地阐述一下？



巴夏：

Expand on? 

阐述什么？



问：

Negative synchronicity! 

负面同步性



巴夏：

Yes, of course! 

好的，当然可以！



As you buy into negative beliefs, the synchronicity is going to reinforce and reinforce and reinforce your choice to only see things in negative ways. 



当你相信了“负面信念”，那么，（由此产生的）同步性，就会不断地、不断地、不断地强化你的选择，从而使你 只会以负面的方式看待事物



And so it will create a momentum that you would consider to be a downward spiral 

而这所产生的“势能”，就是你们所认为的“螺旋（收缩）式下降”（势能）



Just as positive synchronicity will take its cue from positive definitions that you apply to any given situation, and create an Expanding Upward Spiral 

“正面同步性”也一样，它产生于正面的定义，当你以正面的定义，应对所发生的任何事件，那就会产生“螺旋扩张式上升”（势能）

图片

问：

So the negative synchronicity is almost like a limiting belief, we wouldn't see them or we won't follow them,

所以，负面同步性就像“限制性信念”一样，它会让我们“看不到同步性的存在”，或者，会让我们“不顺随着同步性去行事”



I think that's what you said last time. Can you? 

你上次说的，是不是这个意思呢？



巴夏：

Yes! 

是的！



In other words, the negative synchronicity will actually limit your ability to even perceive synchronicity. 

换句话说，负面同步性，其实会限制你“觉察同步性”的能力



You will just mostly call it, bad luck! 

你们大都称它为“霉运”



But it's negative synchronicity 

但它就是“负面同步性”



Yes?

明白了吗？



图片

问：

OK!

明白了！

And so even with the limiting belief, there's something that we want to experience

即使我们身带限制性信念，这其中，也有一些我们想要体验的事物



and we have a belief that it's not possible until we see it. 

我们（人类）有个信念，认为：眼见为实，若没看见，就不可能！



Can you talk about that? 

你能不能也谈谈这个？



巴夏：

Well, anything is possible. 

一切皆有可能



But the real question is: Is it relevant or probable to happen in your life? 

但真正的问题是：它与你（选择体验的）人生是否相关，或者说，它是否很有可能发生在你生命中？



问：

Right! For that person, right? 

对的！这要看个人，是吧？



So if they had a desire, it doesn't necessarily mean it's gonna for them. 

所以，如果这个人有某种渴望，这并不意味着 这个渴望肯定会得以实现



巴夏：

No, it doesn't! 

是的，这不打包票



That's why the third part of the formula is so crucial 

这就是为什么“兴奋公式”的第三部分，是如此的重要



No insistence! 

不执著！



No assumption! 

无预期！



When you wrap your mind around the fact that insisting on a particular outcome, assuming a particular outcome is actually limiting what might happen 

当你清楚地知道：你对某个特定结果的执照与预期，只会限制可能发生的（更好的）事情



You'll finally stop insisting 

那最终，你就会不再执着了



Right now, many humans on your planet think that insisting on a particular outcome means that's the best thing that could happen 

现在，你们星球上的许多人都认为：你所坚持（执着）的某个特定的结果，是所有可能发生的最好的事情



How do you know? 

你怎么知道的呢？



You don't. 

你不知道的！



So without the insistence, there's no resistance to what could happen that might be many times greater than you were actually even capable of imagining. 

所以，当你不再执着了，你也就是不再阻抗 那些“可能发生的、比你所能想象到的、还好N倍的”事情了



So don't limit yourself in a negative way by assuming that you know what the best outcome is 

所以，不要认为你知道最好的结果是什么，这只会负面地限制住你自己



Your physical mind has no idea with the best outcome for you would be 

你的头脑（物质心智）根本就不知道“什么样的结果，对你才是最好的？”



But your higher mind does. 

但你的高我（更高意识）知道



问：

I love you, Bashar! 

我爱你，巴夏！	



巴夏：

We love you as well! 

我们也爱你！