巴夏：如何提高你的振频？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-12-30


问：

Hello, Bashar. 

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you good day. 

你好，日安！



问：

I would like a little clarity on the concept of vibrations because I think you talk about raising or lowering your vibration, 

我想对“振动”这个概念，理解得更清楚透彻一点，因为我听你说：提高或降低你的“振动”（频率）



And I was wondering what it is actually that's vibrating? 

我想知道，到底是什么东西在“振动”？



巴夏：

It's your energy. Energy has frequency to it. 

是你的能量在振动，能量是有频率的



A simple example is what you call your Visible Spectrum Of Light, yes? 

我举一个简单的例子，就是你们所说的“可见光谱”



You know it's all the same kind of electromagnetic energy. But you know that red is a different frequency, a different vibrational rate than blue, which is a higher vibrational rate. 

你知道这些不同的光，其实都是同样的电磁能量，但你也知道：红光和蓝光的频率不同，蓝光的频率更高

图片

So when you allow yourself to align with your truth, your passion, your creativity, your love. You are allowing yourself to upgrade and accelerate, raise up your frequency 

所以，当你和你的真理、你的激情、你的创造力、你的爱 调和一致的时候，你就是在升级自我、提升自我，你就是在提高你的频率



And by raising up your frequency. It makes you more sensitive as a receiver in a sense, as an antenna to pick up on even higher frequencies above and beyond your reality. 

而通过提高你的频率，你作为一个“接收者”，就会变得更加敏感，就像一个更加灵敏的“天线”一样，你可以接收到在你实相之上的更高频率的波段



Your senses expand 

你的感官（感知能力）扩展了



You start being able to perceive The Structure Of Existence. 

你开始能感知“存在/神”的结构



You start being able to understand that you have a direct connection to Source, you start be able to actually experience it in that way 

你开始明白 你和源头 有着直接的连接，并且，开始能够以这种方式 和源头连接



You start being able to realize that you are already being given everything you can possibly be given, you don't necessarily have to ask for more. 

你开始意识到，所有能给予你的事物，都已经给予你了，你并不需要祈求更多



It's that you just have to pay more attention to what you are already getting 

你只需要把更多的注意力，放在你已经获得的事物上即可



图片

And raising your frequency makes you a more sensitive receiver to be able to pay more attention to what you're already being given that helps you. 

而提高你的频率，会让你成为一个更加灵敏的“接收者”，因此，你也会更加能够注意到 那些已经给予你的、能够帮助你的事物上



Yes? 

明白吗？



Does that answer your question? 

这是否回答了你的问题呢？



问：

I think I could think about that for a long time actually. 

我想，这些话，就够我 思索良久了



巴夏：

Well, if you insist. 

哈，如果你坚持的话……



You can think about it for as long or short as you wish, but it's really not that complicated. 

你想多想，或少想，随你心想，但其实没那么复杂



You're just making yourself basically more sensitive to receive higher energy information by matching that level, by matching that frequency 

根本上讲，就是你通过与更高层面的振动调频一致，让自己变得更加敏感，从而接收到那个层面的能量信息



Remember the principle is, you cannot perceive what you are not the vibration of. 

需要记住“原则”就是：如果你不在那个振动，那么，你就无法感知到那个振动的实相



So when you are vibrating at a certain rate, at a certain frequency, you can't perceive the things that are vibrating like this, 

所以，当你以一定的速度，一定的（低）频率振动时，那么，你就感知不到在这样（高）频率振动的事物



You have to raise your frequency and become matched to that frequency,  like two tuning forks to be able to receive and understand, and translate and process that vibration, and all the information and all the experience that is relative to that vibration. 

你必须提高你的频率，达到与（高）频率匹配了，就像两个音叉一样，你才能能够接收、理解、翻译和处理 那个振动，以及那个振动所对应的所有信息与体验



If you're down at this level on this vibration scale, you can't really have any experiences that are representative of a different vibrational level 

如果你的振动 在下面这个层面，那么，你是不可能体验到 在其他不同层面的振动所代表的实相



Make sense? 

理解了吗？



问：

Yes.

是……吧



巴夏：

You have to think about that for a while too I suppose. 

我猜，这些话，你也得思索一会儿



图片

问：

But to raise, I guess the second part of my question would be to raise my vibration. 

但如何提高我的振动频率呢？这也是我的问题的第二部分



巴夏：

That's the formula that we've given you all. 

答案这就是我跟你们所有人 都说过的那个“公式”



You act on your highest passion 

在你的最高激情上，付诸行动



Because passion is the translation in your body of your true frequency 

因为，激情就是“你的真实的频率”在你的身体里转化的结果



You do it to the best you are able 

尽你最大能力去行动



And you do it with absolutely no insistence and no assumption thinking that you know what the outcome is supposed to be of acting on that passion 

绝对不带一丝执着，也不存一点念想，不要认为你知道“你的激情行动，应该会带来什么样的结果”



Because your physical mind really has no idea. 

因为你的脑袋（物质心智），对此一无所知



And if you insist on knowing what that outcome should be and put those kinds of restrictions on it 

如果你坚持认为你知道“结果应该是什么样”，并对“结果”施加了这样的限制



Your Higher Mind and Creation cannot necessarily then give you what could actually be much better than you have imagined. 

那么，你的高我和造物主（神）就无法给予你 比你所想到的 好的多得多的事物



So you have to really trust the synchronicity and the higher self to deliver to you when you're in the correct vibration of passion all the things you truly need at that moment, 

所以，当你在正确的振频，也就是激情的状态，那么，你就必须完全相信同步性和高我 所传送给你的、所有的、你在那一刻真正需要的事物



图片

Your physical mind is only designed to understand and experience what's happening, what's going on right now at this moment and take that experience in 

你的头脑（物质心智）只是用来理解和体验当前正在发生、正在进行的事，并吸收这些经历



Your physical mind is not designed to really know what's going to happen 

你的头脑（物质心智），无法知道将来会发生什么事



But higher intelligence does 

但更高的智慧意识（高我）知道



And therefore it guides you, and says 

因此，祂会指引你，跟你说：



Follow your passion 

“跟随你的激情吧！



That's the compass needle pointing to your true north 

那是你的指南针，指向你真正的前进方向（北方）



That's the compass needle that allows you to align with your true self and your true path in life. 

那是你的指南针，让你可以和真正的自己保持一致，并走在属于你的人生道路



Follow the passion 

跟随你的 激情



Follow the love 

跟随你的 爱



Follow the excitement 

跟随你的 兴奋



Follow the curiosity 

跟随你的 好奇心



Follow the creativity 

跟随你的创意



That's what you are. 

那才是 你的真正本质



That's who you are 

那才是 你的真正身份



And then you know your path will be unerring. 

然后，你就会知道，你的道路不会出差错



It will be the path of least resistance, the path of joy, 

这将会是一条阻力最小的道路，也是一条喜乐的道路



You will experience less struggle and strife. 

你经历到挣扎、冲突也会变少



It's just the way it works 

这就是“生命本身”的运作方式



You're going with the flow of your current 

你顺着属于你自己的水流，漂流着



You're not swimming up stream 

而不是，逆流而上



You're not resisting it 

你没有阻抗水流（生命本身）



Does that make sense? 

有道理吗？



问：

Yes! Yes! Yes! 

有！有！有道理！



图片

巴夏：

So that's the formula 

这就是“激情公式”



Act on your highest passion to the best you can at every moment 

每一刻，在你的最高激情上，尽你最大能力地去行动



Do it as much as you can, as far as you can take it until you can take it no further 

尽可能多地采取行动，直到你无法更精进一步为止



Then act on the next most exciting thing 

然后，去做下一个最让你兴奋的事情



And then do that with absolutely no insistence, no assumption as to what the outcome up ought to be 

同样，对于“应该产生的某种结果”，也不带执着、不带预期



And see what happens. 

然后，看看会发生什么情况



And then whatever happens, remain in a positive state even if something manifest that you don't initially prefer. 

不论发生什么，你都保持在积极正面的状态，即使显化出来一些 起初你不是很喜闻乐见的事物



You have to know it's there for a reason. There are no accidents. It's there for a reason. 

但你必须知道：它们的出现，是有原因的；这世界没有意外；事情的发生，是有原因的



Learn to stay in a positive state, 

学会保持在积极的状态



And then you can use what you don't prefer in a way that you do prefer, and get the benefit from it, 

然后，你就可以将“非你喜好之物”，以你喜好的方式来使用，并从中获得受益



图片

But you have to know that whatever you are given is what you need at that moment 

但是你必须知道：任何给予你的事物，都是你 在那个当下所需之物



Because sometimes you will test yourself. 

因为，有时候 你会测试自己



Maybe something will manifest that you don't prefer, and maybe you will find yourself reacting in the same old way with the same old fear-based beliefs and say 

也许，你会发现，在一些非你喜好之物显化出来的时候，你仍然会带着旧有的、基于恐惧的信念系统，以往日的方式应对它们，并且说：



Oh, why that happened. 

“哦！为什么会发生这种事？



Something must be wrong. 

肯定哪里出错了！



Something's off, 

一定有什么不对劲了



I will judge myself. 

我怎么这么糊涂！



I must have done something wrong, 

我肯定又做错什么事了！”



That is what exactly makes that state stick and stay there and get you in the loop of negativity 

正是你的这种行为，才会让你“粘”在这种状态里，身陷在其中，并不断恶性循环



But if you suddenly realize 

但是，如果你突然意识到：



All right, I recognize objectively that I don't prefer this 

“好吧！客观地讲，我不喜欢这样



But I know it's got to be there for a reason that serves me. 

但我知道，它的发生，肯定有某种原因，并且对我有所助益



I just know that 

我就是知道”



Then you will be able to extract the benefit. You will see eventually why it happened in that way, 

然后，你就能从中 收获助益，并且，最终你会明白 为何事情会以那种方式发生



If for nothing else again, that you test yourself to make sure that

（即使这些都没有）最起码，你知道你是在测试自己，以肯定：



you're not making your happiness conditional on what happens outside 

你，让自己幸福喜乐的条件，不是看外在发生了什么事



You are making your happiness conditional only on what you decide is true for you. 

唯一让你幸福喜乐的条件，是你自己来决定：什么对你来说，才是真实、正确的



Yes? 

明白了吗？



问：

Fantastic! 

真是太棒了！



巴夏：

Is this helping? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes! Yes! Yes! 

是的！是的！是的！



巴夏：

All right, you didn't need much time to think about then, yes? 

好的！看来，你不需要再 思索良久 了



问：

Well, no! Some how it just clicked in there. Thank you. 

不需要了！醍醐灌顶、茅塞顿开！谢谢！



巴夏：

Anything else? 

还要别的问题吗?



问：

No, that's it. 

没了，就这个问题



巴夏：

All right, thank you so very much. 

好的，非常感谢！



问：

Thank you 

谢谢您！

