巴夏：如何迎来你的“意中人”？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-02-14



原版视频下载地址：

https://pan.baidu.com/s/1zxpqLw85R7jZ6fWoaIQJVA 

提取码：wlui 



问：

I don't know why it takes so long for me to find a partner 

我不知道为什么：我花了这么长时间，才找到一个伴侣？



巴夏：

Who says you have to? 

谁说你需要花这么长时间呢？



You are creating an expectation and an assumption that may or may not be relevant. 

你为自己创造的预期与假设，可能与你的人生课题相关，也可能不相关



But all this means is you don't understand how reality works. And you are focused on the idea of time, instead of timing 

但这一切，说明：你并不明白“实相是如何运作的”，并且，你是关注在“时间”上，而不是在“时机”上



Because when you allow reality to work for you, instead of trying to make it work in the way that your physical mind thinks it's supposed to 

因为，当你“允许”实相为你服务（工作），而不是“试图”以你头脑（物质心智）所认为的应该的方式为你服务（工作）



Even though it doesn't have a clue what is actually best for you, but you have let it think that it does, and let the physical mind run your life by focusing you on time 

即便，你的头脑根本就不知道“什么对你才是真正最好的”，但你却让它（物质心智）认为“它知道”，并让它来运作你的人生，让你关注在“时间”上



And where's that person? 

“我的意中人，在哪里？”



Tick Tock! Tick Tock! 

“滴答！滴答！”



I'm running out of time. 

“我快没时间了”



Why is it taking so long? 

“为什么要这么久啊？！”



Because you're waiting for it. 

因为你在“等待”啊！



That's why 

这就是原因



Because waiting is a state unto itself, and the only experience you can have in a state of waiting is waiting 

因为“等待”本身，就是一种存在状态，而你在“等待”状态下所能经验到的，就是“等待”（的实相）



It's not having. It's waiting! 

不是“拥有”，是“等待”！



Waiting!Waiting!Waiting!Waiting!Waiting! 

“等啊！等啊！等等等……”



So the idea is to trust that passion contains certain automatic functions or tools 

所以，你需要做的，就是相信：激情，它自带有某些自动运作的功能或工具



And one of those tools is The Organizing Principle Of Synchronicity 

其中一个工具，就是：同步性的组织管理原则



Which means that as you follow your passion, everything that is relevant for you to experience in your life unfolds in perfect timing 

它意味着：当你跟随你的激情，一切与你的人生体验相关的人事物，都会在完美时机，（自动）展现出来



And the only way to actually miss an agreement or appointment that you have made with anyone or anything is to actually spend your time and energy wondering if you're going to miss the appointment. 

而唯一会让你错过“你与任何人事物所定下的协议或约定”的做法，就是把你的时间与精力，花在思虑“你会不会错过你们的约定”上



That's the paradox. 

这就是“矛盾”的地方



If you just get on with your life 

如果你只是继续过你的日子



Follow your passion, act on it 

跟随你的激情，并付诸行动



And trust that synchronicity is bringing you what you need to let you experience the process that will shape you in the way you need to be shaped in order to better appreciate what it is that will manifest in your life 

相信同步性 会带来你所需要的人事物，让你可以去经历一些过程，从而将你塑造成 你需要被塑造的样子，以使你能够更加感激（享受）显化在你生命中的人事物



Then it doesn't matter what's going on. 

那么，现在发生了什么事，就不重要了



Because what's going on right now will always be the most important thing, and there is nowhere else more important to be, and nothing else more important to be going on than what's going on right now. 

因为“此时”所发生的事，永远都是最为重要的事；并且，也没有什么比“此地”更为重要的地方了；也没有什么事情，比现在所发生的事情，更重要的了



So then you're not waiting for anything, you are experiencing everything in the moment as absolutely what it needs to be for you. 

这样的话，你就不会“等待”任何东西了，而只是体验出现那个当下的一切事物，视它们：绝对为你而来、绝对为你所需的



Even if it's something you don't subjectivity prefer, there must be a reason for it to be there. 

即使那是一些你主观上不喜好的事物，但它会出现，肯定有某种原因



And if you use it in a way you do prefer, you will always extract a beneficial effect from that moment 

如果你能以 你喜好的方式使用它，那么，你就总能“从那一时刻”中获取助益



It's only when you think something doesn't belong or shouldn't be there that you actually make it take longer 

只有当你认为“某些事物不该存在于此，或不该出现在这”的时候，才会让你花更长的时间



Because you are invalidating what it is that's come to you that actually is what you need 

因为你否认了 来到你生命中的事物的作用，而它正是你目前所需要的



Even though your physical mind says: 

即使你的头脑（物质心智）说：



No! No! No! 

“不！不！不！”



I don't need that 

“我才不需要那个！”



If it's there, yes, you do！ 

如果它出现了，那么，是的，你需要它！



Because there are no accidents. 

因为没有意外！



Everything is an orchestration. 

每个事物，都是一首乐曲



So even if it's what you don't prefer, there must be a reason that you do prefer for that to have shown up. 

即使它不是你所喜好的，但肯定有某个你喜好的理由，它才会出现



If nothing else, it can even be as simple as something you don't prefer shows up to make it clearer to you what you do prefer by contrast 

如果找不到这样的理由，那么，最为简单的理由就是：它的出现，让你可以通过对比，从而更清楚地知道“你的真正喜好”



That's using what you don't prefer in a way that you do. 

这就是“以你喜好的方式”使用你“非喜好之物”的方法



And then it can go on its way

然后，它就可以继续上路了



because you've used up the reason it showed up.

因为它出现的理由，已经被你用光了



But when you deny it validity, you are invalidating a moment in your life, and you have removed a steppingstone 

但是，如果你否认了它的作用，你就否认了你人生的一个时刻的作用，你就移走了一块你人生的垫脚石



And now you have no way to step on that stone to get to the next one and the next and the next 

那现在，你没法踩在它上面，也就无法走到下一块、下一块、下一块……垫脚石了



问：

That's fantastic! 

太精彩了！



巴夏：

Does that help? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes, very much! 

是的，非常有帮助！



巴夏：

Thank you! 

那谢了！



问：

Thank you! 

谢谢！



巴夏：

You're welcome! 

不客气！