巴夏Bashar：巴夏谈法律
笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2015-11-19
简介：

视频分两部分

1、巴夏讲法律

2、关于“高尔夫球法”的一个电影节选




译者微信号：364335790

视频经典，翻译不易，欢迎转发，随心支持

感恩！

图片

Our perspective on your laws,

对于你们的法律，我们的观点是



Since you have by agreement created these laws,

既然你们已经同意这些律法



At least the majority of your society is in consensus regarding them

或至少社会中的大多数人，有一致的共识



And focuses on them as been relatively representative of what would be fair for the vast majority of people on your planet

那么遵循这些法律，就意味着这么做，对你们绝大多数人是公平的



Then we always suggest that you abide by those laws,

所以，我们的建议是，你们得遵守这些法律



including copyright laws any form of law that your society has agreed shall be enforced.

包括版权法，以及任何你们集体同意应执行的法律



We understand that sometimes people on your planet may disagree with some of these laws,

我们知道，有时你们一些人，可能会不同意某些法律



And that's all well and good, and you have every right to do so.

这是可以的，你们有权利这么做



Nevertheless, the idea is to change those laws by agreement within your system

然而改变不同意的律条，需要在整个司法系统中进行



And then you can implement new laws or let go of old laws

你们可以不断增加新的律法，或废除旧的条款



in whatever way serves your society the best,

这样的司法系统，才能最好的服务于整个社会



But as long as those laws are enforced,

但只要这些法律仍有效力



Then not following them, breaking them,

你若不遵纪守法，甚至违法乱纪



will create the energy of being out of alignment.

那你的能量就会降低（与真我不协调）



And if you are out of alignment with your integrity with respect to those laws

你在这些法律上，便违背了自己的本心本性（正直）



Then that's an indication that you can be out of alignment with your integrity in a number of other ways

同时也意味着，你会在很多方面违背真我的本心本性（例：小事情看出一个人）



And that changes the vibrational state in which you exist

你的能量也发生会改变



And creates your frequency to be very different from our frequency

渐渐地，你的振频跟我们会有很大的不同



And diminishes your opportunities on all levels for interaction with us.

那与我们在所有层面上互动的机会，也都减少了



It's extremely important to understand that

很重要的一点，要明白



Darryl说：

Bashar never encourages anyone to break the laws in acting on their excitement

在行动于自己的兴奋上，巴夏从没鼓励任何人违反法律



Just because Bashar's society doesn't have the same laws that we do,

不能因为巴夏的社会，没有类似我们法律



Doesn't mean that it's okay to break our laws.

就意味着，我们可以违反自己的法律



In fact, doing so is not within the definition of excitement at all, as Bashar defines it.

事实上，如巴夏所说的，这样做根本不是做自己兴奋的事



He's always made it very clear that it's important to abide by our laws,

他说得很清楚，遵纪守法很重要



Until we choose to legally change them by agreement.

直到我们共同决定，改变相关律法



Thus, following your excitement does not mean to do what you want without regard for the legal rights of others.

因此，跟随自己的兴奋，绝不是不顾他人合法权益，而“任我行”！