巴夏：梦想，就像一根胡萝卜
巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-10-14


巴夏：

It’s the realization, the revelation if you will, that you actually are the dimension of reality you previously thought you existed in 
这其中的领悟，如果你愿意，可以认为是“启示录”，也就是：你其实就是 你原以为你所在的维度实相



I'll say it one more time. 

我再说一遍



The revelation is the recognition that you actually are the dimension of experience, the dimension of reality that you previously thought you existed in. 

启示就是：你认识到，你所体验的物质实相，其实就是你，而之前，你认为你存在于这个物质实相中



You don't live in physical reality, you are physical reality. 

你并非活在物质世界中，你就是物质世界本身



It's in you. 

世界在你之内



There is no out there. 

没有什么在你之外



There is no outside. 

根本就没有什么“在外”



Anything that you're calling a physical experience is in you, in you conscious. 

任何所谓的人生经历（物质世界体验），都在你之内，都在你意识之中



It's up to you to decide what to experience, 

你的人生经历，由你决定



based on your agreement, based on your individual themes, based on your individual choices, based on who you prefer to be. 

根据你的协议、个人生命课题、选择、喜好等，你设定了你的人生经历



Now in this place and time in your history of your planet, more than ever, you are free to choose who you prefer to be, intentionally, consciously. 

而目前，在你们星球历史上的这个时间点，你们比以往任何时候，都更有能力，去自由、明确地选择自己想要的人生



Is this helping? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



I'm just wondering, does that go alone the line of opening yourself up to levitating, and possibility of.... 

我想知道，这样的体悟，是否有助于我们开启悬空（神通）的可能性呢？



巴夏：

These things are possible 

这些神通，都是有可能的



Many people on your planet can do them. 

在你们星球上，有很多人都能做到



Understand that it isn't always necessary. 

但是，你需要明白的是，这些并非必要



Something like that are actually not always representative of your highest joy. 

诸如此类的事（神通），并非总是你们的最高喜乐



Something like that are not always representative of the path of least resistance within your belief system. 

它们可能并不符合（代表）你信念系统中的最小阻力的道路



I'll give you an example. 

我给你举个例子



Path of least resistance is the key to everything you do in physical reality. 

选择最小阻力的道路，是你在物质世界中做任何事（为人处世）的关键



Yes, of course, you can develop your psychic ability to be able to go to that person and say 

当然了，你可以修炼你的他心通、透视眼等能力，然后走到某人面前说：




How much change is in your pocket? 

“你口袋里有多少钱？”



Oh! Twelve cents. 

“噢！我看看！有12元！”



Yes, you could. 

是的，你可以这么做！



You could spend perhaps days, weeks, months, years developing the ability to do that. 

你可以花几天、几周、几个月、几年的时间，来修炼这样做的能力（神通）



Or you can walk up to the person and say: 

或者，你可以走上前，跟对方说（打劫口吻）：




Empty your pocket! 

“把你口袋里的钱，都给我掏出来！”



Ah! Twelve cents. 

“啊！12元！”



Path of least resistance. 

这是最小阻力最小的道路



The point is, is it really representative of your excitement to do those things, or is that just the side issue? 

关键是，你做的这些事情（修炼），是否真的代表了你的兴奋，还是说，那只是次要的问题？



You have to make the determination, you have to have the discernment as to what's really important for you. 

你必须有决心，能决断，分辨出“对你来说，什么才是真正重要的”



Yes, you can learn to levitate. 

是的，你可以学会悬空漂浮



Do you need to? 

但你需要吗？



I don't know. 

我不知道



We'll see. 

我们看看再说



Yes, you can be blue, 8 feet tall, and have 12 arms. 

是的，你可以刀枪不入、三头六臂、腾云驾雾、点石成金



Do you need to? 

但你需要吗？



I don't know. 

我不知道



We'll see. 

我们走着瞧



Path of least resistance may say, no. 

最小阻力的道路可能会说：不！



You can be who you prefer to be, who you really need to be without that. 

你并不需要这些，也可以做你想做的事，成为你真正需要成为的人



You follow me? 

你明白我说的意思吗？



问：

Yes! 

明白！



巴夏：

So by all means, if it attracts you, then gravitate to it. 

所以，如果这些神通吸引你，那么，尽情地、尽所能地顺着引力而去（修炼）



Here's a caveat for you, however. Do not be fooled by your own trickery. 

但是，我要给你提个醒（警告）：不要被你自己的诡计给骗到了



May times the things that lure you, that are exciting to you, do so, not because that thing need to come to fruition, because you need to be pulled in that direction. 

很多时候，那些诱惑你的事情，那些让你兴奋的事情，之所以会发生，并不是因为 这些事情需要产生某种结果，而是因为 你需要被拉着往那个方向去



Many times things that excite you the most, are really functioning as nothing more than carrots to lure in certain direction, to get you where you really needed to be. 

很多时候，那些最让你兴奋的事，它们的作用，与“胡萝卜”没啥区别，就是要引诱你往某个方向走，让你去到某个你真正需要去的地方



Because your physical is often quite resistance to be in where you really need to be. 

因为你的头脑（物质心智），对于你真正需要去的地方，通常都会很抗拒



Because it doesn't recognize that as the thing that will actually serve you. 

因为它认不出 那才是对你真正有助益的事



Because it's labeled as not exciting. 

因为做这件事，被贴上了“不兴奋”的标签



While in fact, it might really be representative of your true joy. 

而实际上，它可能代表了你的真正喜乐



But if you have to trick yourself to go in that direction, then you'll dangle the biggest, fattest, juiciest carrot you can possibly dream of. 

但是，如果你需要连哄带骗，让自己往那个方向走，那么，你就要给自己“梦”一个最大、最肥、最多汁、最美味的胡萝卜，让这个萝卜在你眼前晃荡



Because your higher self know what will attract you. 

因为，你的高我知道什么能够吸引你



And you will work together with the higher self and say, 

而你也将和你的高我一同合作，并对祂说：




Hey , if you want me to in that direction, put that in my sights. 

“嘿，如果你想让我朝那个方向走，那么，就在我眼前放个大萝卜”



And believe me, I'll run toward it. 

“相信我，我会屁颠屁颠地往那跑去！”



OK! 

高我说：“好嘞！”



Here I go. 

“我到喽！”



Oh, wait! Where the carrot go? 

“诶！等等！萝卜去哪了？”



Oh, where am I? Where do I wind up? 

“噢！我在哪？这是哪里？”



Oh! Here! 

“噢！原来是这里！”



Oh! I see why I... 

“噢！我明白我为什么会……”



The more clear-minded about what you're choosing, the few carrots you'll need. 

你对自己的选择越清晰明了，那么，你需要的胡萝卜就越少



You'll just go.

“走就是了！”



Because you recognize that that is where you need to be, that that is what excite you the most, that that is who you really are. 

因为，你认识到，那就是你需要去的地方，那就是最让你兴奋的事，那就是最真实的你



And you will not resist it. You will not label it in such a way that make you resist it. 

并且，你不会抗拒它，你也不会给它贴上（负面）的标签，而导致你抗拒



So, when you go into something that excite you, by all means, go with the open mind that, 

所以，当你遇到了某件让你兴奋的事，那么，请务必放开脑洞，敞开心扉



Yes, that thing may come to fruition exactly as you imagine it will, And it may not. 

是的，做这事的结果，可能如你所想所愿，也可能不会



However, if it doesn't, I can guarantee this, 

但是呢，如果结果与你所想不一样，那么，我可以向你保证的是



It will always be better than you imagined. 

它肯定会比你所想，还要美好，还要棒！



So don't insist that it has to be the way you thought. 

所以，不要强求（坚持）一定要如你所想



Let it be better than you imaged. 

而是允许它比你想象的还要美好



All right? 

明白吗？



问：

Thank you so much! 

非常感谢！



巴夏：

Thank you! 

谢谢你！