巴夏：值得感与内疚
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-21


问：

Well, I'd like to briefly explore the issue of "deservability" and how that relates to issues of guilt. 我希望你能简单地跟我们说说“值得感”，以及它是如何与“内疚”相联系的。



巴夏：

Guilt, not hate, is the true opposite of love. 

罪恶感/内疚/愧疚 是爱的反面，而不是恨。



Hate is a polarized expression of love but still implies deservability, even if it is only self deservability. 

“恨”是“爱”到达极致的表现方式之一，但仍意味着拥有“值得感”，即使它只是当事人的自我值得感



Guilt, being the lack of deservability, is truly the opposite of love

而内疚，则是由于“值得感”的缺失，是爱的真实反面

注：《与神对话》说：恐惧是爱的反面。也说：内疚与恐惧是你唯二的敌人。



Therefore, yes, the idea, the vibration you call guilt is a self cutting-off from the source of Infinite Creation. 

因此，当你内疚时，你就把自己与无限的造物主，与你的源头的连接给切断了。



Now you're never really cut-off from it. You can't be. 

当然，你是绝对没方法切断这个连接的。你就是做不到！



But you can create the illusion that it is so. 

但你可以制造出连接被切断的幻相



When an individual learns that unconditional love of Self, of All That Is, is the most positive direction they can flow in, they then recognize there is no need for guilt. 

当一个人明白无条件地爱自己，无条件地爱“一切所是”，是他能为自己做的最正确的事，是他前进（顺流）的最积极正面的方向，那他就会知道 自己根本不需要对任何事感到内疚。



Because guilt is only a denial of one's own existence. 

因为内疚，就是在否认自己的存在（的价值）



问：

I get a very strange feeling this will be my last time here. 

我有一种很奇怪的感觉，总觉得这会是我最后一次投胎在地球上



巴夏：

Maybe so, yes. For many of you this is true. 

也许你是对的。对于很多人来说，真的是这样。



This is the transformational age and thus the transformational life where you can come to full consciousness and thus can choose consciously to reincarnate or not. 

这是个大变革（转化）的时代，你们也有着大变革（转化）的生命，因此如果你们能做到完全的觉察，就可以有意识地选择是否再次转世为人



问：

But I find myself now looking at the flowers and the birds and all physicality as if it was for the last time. 

我现在看着那些花呀，鸟呀，以及物质世界中的所有东西，总感觉这是我最后一次看它们了。



巴夏：

No, not really in the ultimate sense, because physicality is you. It is you. 

从终极实相上讲，不是这样子的。因为物质世界，就是你。祂就是你！



And when you become nonphysical you can project whatever you want. It will still seem as solid or real as you wish it to be, except the difference is you will understand that you are consciously that thing—it will not be separate from you. 

而当你变成非物质形态时，你可以投射出任何你想要的，你也可以感觉所有的一切都非常真实，唯一的区别，就是你很清楚这一切都是你，你们没有分离。



问：

So it will be even more precious than it has become? 

那它们会变得更加珍贵吗？



巴夏：

Well, it will be better understood for what it is. It is all precious. 

一切都很珍贵，只是你会更容易明白这一点。