巴夏：性功能障碍的原因？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-30



问：

I was wondering if you could tell me a little about the cause of male sexual dysfunctions, like impotence. What would, uh. . . 

你能否跟我说说，是什么原因导致男人性功能障碍的，比如说阳痿？



巴夏：

Can be for many different reasons.

原因有多种多样。



Can be for the idea of fearing to blend the male and female aspects of your own energy within yourself, and in this way, allowing the idea of what you may feel to be an imbalance within you to extend to someone else. 

可能由于恐惧，你不敢融合自己内在的男性能量和女性能量，于是，能量失衡的你不愿意把这种状态延伸到其他人身上（于是，你就“不举”）



Can also be the idea that you simply recognize that interactions with certain of, let us say, the idea of the feminine entities that you interact with are for other reasons, other than the idea of the sexual exchange. And so you may, in that sense, curb yourself that way to allow yourself to explore the other avenues that you need to make the connections first. 

可能你是出于其他原因才跟女性交往，而不是为了性交，于是你抑制住自己的性功能，使自己能够探索其他方面，完成自己所需要的连接（一切都是连接）



Can be for these reasons. 

可能是这些原因。



问：

May I ask you another question? Is it possible that the penis has its own reality at times? Can it, like, think for itself? 

我可以问你另一个问题吗？小鸡鸡是不是也有他自己的实相呢？他会为自己的性福考虑吗？（毕竟，他是我兄弟嘛！）



巴夏：

No. Although again, you will find that, once again, any part of your anatomy, what it will pick up on is the fundamental reason for any situation, and it will act accordingly. 

不会的！你们生理结构中的任何一个部位，它们都因为本能，而对相应的情况作出对应的反应。（意译）



So you may find that it may simply be a sign to allow the idea and the understanding that there may be other levels of communication that are more paramount first. 

所以，你可能会发现它（生理问题）可能是个信号，让你明白其他层面的沟通更为重要。



So that wholeness within yourself, the interaction and the relationship, in that sense, with your own maleness, femaleness, will then allow you to extend the same balance to other entities, including the idea of the female sex. 

所以，你内在的完整性，也就是你内在男性能量与女性能量的关系与互动，会让你将这种平衡延伸到其他人身上，包括与女性的性生活。（意译）



问：

Now if you experience, uh, that experience, can you use your imagination in that area? 

如果我有性功能障碍，那我能否通过想象力来改善我的性能力呢？



巴夏：

Yes. 

是的，当然可以！



First of all, let it be for a reason;

首先，让它成为原因之一（注：有性功能障碍，可能是因为高我要让你多想象，因为想象力是你跟高我沟通的管道）



and what you may find most beneficial is allow yourself to know it is for a partner who you will then be allowing to be of assistance to you on the energy levels that perhaps the impotence is for. You follow me? 

其次，阳痿的目的，可能是要让你跟小JJ建立深厚的兄弟友谊，从而让他可以在能量层面上帮助你，而这将对你有着最佳利益！



问：

Yes. 

好！



巴夏：

Then you will build the rapport from a place that will create a type of momentum that will then flow into every portion of your body, so that you will be sharing with all of you. Not just parts. 

然后你们这种亲密和谐的关系，将会创造出强大的势能，冲击身体的每个部位，这样，你就可以跟他人分享你的整个身体，而不仅仅是某些部位。



问：

Thanks. 

若获至宝，谢谢！



巴夏：

Thank you. 

拿去，不客气！