巴夏：无条件的爱
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-05-26




When you love someone unconditionally. 

当你无条件地爱着某个人



It doesn't mean that you have to agree with what they believe 

并不意味着你要相信他所相信的



It just means you support them in their choice to believe that for now 

而是说，你支持他目前所选择相信的



Because you know that that's what they need in their process 

因为你知道这是他  在经历他的过程中所需要的



That's unconditional love. 

这就是无条件的爱



It doesn't mean that you simply have to do everything someone else does 

而不是说，爱他，就要做他所做的事



以下文章节选自巴夏通灵资料集

《Quest For Truth — 100 Insights That Could Change Your Life》



Unconditional Love 

无条件的爱



Unconditional Love is all it takes to trust all the relationships in the way they happen and with whom they happen. 

在所有的关系中，你若希望能够信任这个关系的发展，信任关系中的相关的人，那你唯一需要的，就是“无条件的爱”



The idea is to be a shining and bright transparent crystal. 

你要成为一枚闪闪发亮、晶莹剔透的水晶



When you are a shining and bright transparent crystal, then nothing impedes the flow of your radiant light, so that others may be served by it. 

当你是一枚闪闪发亮、晶莹剔透的水晶时，那就没什么东西，能阻挡得了你散发出来的光，其他人也会因着你的光而受益。



When you are a transparent crystal, the light from other individuals passes through you, except for the light you choose to absorb. 

当你是一枚通透的水晶时，其他人散发出来的光，都将穿过你，除了那些你选择要吸收的光。



Other individuals' negative light therefore cannot possibly affect you, unless you choose to become opaque and absorbent to it. 

所以，其他人的消极负面的光，根本无法影响到你，除非你选择变成非透明状，你才能吸收这样的光。



Remember that, when you operate on a particular frequency, even if another individual has a negative intention towards you, you will translate their energy into positive manifestation in your life. 

要记住，当你处在某个特定的振频时，即使有什么人对你有负面的意图，你也能将他们的能量转化成对你的人生有益处的“正面显化”



That effect is the gift of Unconditional Love. 

这样的转化效果，就是“无条件的爱”所给你的礼物



The word is quite literal in meaning: unconditional love. 

“无条件的爱”，这个词形容得非常准确，就是“无条件的”“爱”！



Therefore, now you can involve yourself in relationships to the full capacity of your curiosity and excitement. 

因此，现在你可以带着你所有的好奇与兴奋，全心全力地投入到你的情感关系中



Since you now know every single individual is a being of vision and creativity

因为你知道，每一个人都是充满远见和创造力的



you can support them in the following way: 

那你就可以这么做，来支持他们：



encourage them to do in their life with integrity the thing that excites them the most. 

鼓励他们，以一颗正直的心，去做生命中最让他们兴奋的事。



Support them in their ability to be able to do that thing. 

支持他们，让他们有能力去做这件事。



To create loving and creative relationships you can create for their situations that will allow them to become more fulfilled in the thing that excites them the most. 

在他们的环境中，尽可能地创造出充满爱与创造力的关系，这有助于他们更加地投入到他们所兴奋的事情上。



You can be aware of things that would excite them and let them know about it. 

你也可以察觉那些可能让他们兴奋的事，并且告诉他们



You can give them gifts that are particularly important to the thing that allows them to become more excited about what it is they enjoy, 

在他们所做的事情中，有些东西特别重要。你可以把这样的东西当做礼物送给他们，这会使他们对于自己所享受的事情，变得更加兴奋。（三好学生）



because you are in the relationship to serve them to become most fully who it is they are excited about being. 

因为在这个关系中，你是要服务他们，为的是让他们能够完全地成为他们所兴奋的“自己”。



And if the other individuals do not allow fear into their lives, they will become just as supportive of you as well. 

如果他们成长到可以不再让恐惧进入自己的生命，那他们也会变得对你有所帮助，也能够支持你。



You will not have to see the idea that you are each becoming strong individuals as something that pushes you away from each other. 

不要认为，随着你们变得越来越强，会出现什么东西，把你们推开



The only reason that happens now in your society is because you are so interdependent on each other. 

分离的情况出现在你们社会中的唯一原因，就是因为你们变得相互依赖



You say, "If you become stronger than I am, you won't have anyone to lean on. " 

你说：“你如果变得比我强，那你就没什么人可以依靠了”。



But the point is not to lean on anyone, the point is to support them. 

但关键在于，不是要依靠任何人，而是要支持他们



And in supporting them—you become supported. 

而通过你去支持他们，你也获得了支持！



Always. 

一直以来，都是这样子！



ALWAYS. 

都是这样滴！



The notion of "leaning on each other" is simply the negative side; the interdependency is the negative side of supporting each other. 

“相互依靠、彼此依赖”，其实是“互相支持”的消极负面的那一面



The "need" for the other person is the negative side in the sense that "you cannot exist without them. "

你若“需要”另一个人，换句话说，就是“你没了他们，就无法存在”，这其实也是负面的。



But you see, the paradox is that as soon as it's all right for them to become as fully an individual as they are, you will probably remain in contact forever. 

你要知道，真正矛盾的地方在于，一旦你允许、接受他们成为“完整的自己”，那你们就有可能永远保持联系



The idea that you must mold them in a certain way in order to remain in the relationship is not trusting what the relationship is. 

但你若须以某种方式，去改造他们，以此来维系你们的关系，那说明你其实并不“相信”你们的关系真正所“是”的