巴夏：人为什么会固执？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-06-26 23:59



问：好，那比如固执的头脑或者固执的小我呢，

Okay so having a stubborn mind or a stubborn ego,



人有执拗是常事吗？

Is that a common thing that people have stubbornness?



巴夏：固执来自于一个与你的真我不一致的定义，

The stubbornness again stubbornness comes from a definition that is out of alignment with who you truly are,



换句话说，你把固执定义为事情必须这样发生，否则就会出问题，

So in other words you're defining the stubbornness as it's got to happen this way or something will go wrong,



你得认识到这只是你的负面信念告诉你的故事，

You have to realize that that's just a story that your negative beliefs are telling you,



你必须停止相信这个故事。

You have to stop believing in that story.



问：所以这更多的是我的信念，而不是我的小我那么做，

So it's more about my beliefs not my ego actually doing it,



巴夏：这总是与你的信念有关，

It's always about your beliefs



因为你的信念会影响你的小我表达自己能力，

Because your beliefs color what your ego is capable of expressing itself to do.



所以进入信念，然后说：

So go into the beliefs, and say:



固执只是一种执着，如果我放弃这样做，

Stubbornness is just an insistence that if i let go of doing it this way,



会发生更糟的事情。

Something worse will happen.



这是一个信念，负面信念试图让你相信它，那样你就不会放手，

That's a belief that the negative belief is trying to get you to buy into so you won't let it go,



这就是信念延续自己的方式。

This is how beliefs perpetuate themselves.



负面信念会用恐惧来延续自己，

The negative ones will use fear to perpetuate themselves,



没有恶意，它们的构造就是这样子的。

It's not malicious it's just how they're structured.



因为如果正面、负面和中性的信念没有办法延续自己的话，

Because if beliefs both positive and negative and neutral don't have a way of perpetuating themselves,



那你就不会有物理现实的体验，

Then you can't have a physical reality experience.



因为物理现实不是真的，它只是你信以为真的信念的产物，

Because physical reality isn't real it's only the product of what you believe to be true,



它只是你的焦点的产物，

It's only the product of your focus.



所以你一开始碰巧相信了负面信念，

So the idea of buying into a negative belief if you happen to have bought into it to begin with,



那负面信念会继续试图通过灌输给你更多基于恐惧的负面信念来延续自己，

Is that the negative belief is going to continue to try and perpetuate itself by feeding you more negative fear-based beliefs,



这样你就不会放手，

So you won't let it go.



你要明白，它告诉你的不是事实，

You have to understand that what it's telling you is not a fact,



这只是一个延续它自己的故事，

It's just a story to perpetuate itself,



并且你可以改变故事，一切都会好起来的。

And that you can change the story and everything will be fine,



问：明白。



巴夏：这有帮助吗？

Aoes that help?



问：有帮助，非常感谢，希望你今天过得愉快！

It does yeah thank you so much and i hope you have a great day!



巴夏：不客气。

And so welcome.