巴夏：负面信念会遗传吗？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-20 21:33



问：资源匮乏，人类之间有很多的竞争，
Right, and that seems to interact with the idea of scarcity of resources that there's so much competition amongst the human beings,

因为他们认为资源匮乏。
For what they consider scarce resources.


巴夏：只有信念系统让它看起来匮乏。
And there's only a belief system that makes things appear scarce.


问：这与改变我们与地球的关系也有关。
So that goes hand in hand with changing our relationship with the planet.


巴夏：是的，还有改变与你自己的关系。
Yes, and changing the relationship with yourself.


问：这里还有人问，
So one person here was asking,

情绪和负面信念能遗传下去吗？
Can things like emotions and negative beliefs be passed down through epigenetics or epigenetics?

如果是这样的话，
If so,

有没有一种方法可以清除你的显意识所没有意识到的遗传的负面信念？
Is there a way to clear the hereditary negative beliefs that your conscious mind is unaware of?


巴夏：这并不是说它们真的是代代相传的，
It's not that they are literally passed down,

但基因会根据你选择探索的主题产生一种倾向，
But the genetics can create a predisposition based on the theme you've chosen to explore

容易从你身边的人吸收基于恐惧的信念。
to absorb the idea of fear-based beliefs from those around you.

比如你的父母，你的社会，你的学校教育或你的朋友，
Such as your parents, or your society, or your schooling, or your friends,

它们并不能完全决定你是否遗传了它。
They don't absolutely determine that you have inherited it.

但你可能遗传了吸收这些东西的倾向，
But you may have inherited the predisposition to absorb those things,

因此这仍然取决于你选择相信什么，通过自我调查，
And therefore it still comes down to what you choose to believe by self-investigation,

知道你完全有能力决定什么对你来说是真的。
And knowing that you are completely empowered to decide what is true for you.


问：所以当一个人在子宫里的时候，
So when an individual is in the womb,

他们能感受到他们母亲正在经历的环境。
And they're experiencing the environment as being whatever their mother is experiencing.


巴夏：是啊。
Yes.


问：她们在怀孕的最后三个月吸收了什么东西？
What kinds of things are they absorbing during let's say the last three months of their the pregnancy?


巴夏：任何与他们选择投生到这个家庭里探索的主题比较有关的东西，
Whatever is more relevant to the theme that they chose to explore by having chosen that individual to be born to,

记住，这也是一种选择，
Remember that's a choice too,

如果他们有一个想要探索的主题，
And if they have a certain theme they would like to explore,

他们会选择做一个至少能让他们易于吸收某些信念的人，这会对他们的人生旅程有帮助，
They're going to choose an individual that's going to give them at least the possibility of predisposing them to absorbing certain things that will help them on their journey,

要么改变它们，克服它们，要么妥协，
Either to change them to overcome them or to live with them,

这里面没有意外。
There's no accidents in that.
