巴夏：地球生病了反映的是人类的不平衡
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-22 23:02



问：你也说过我们的星球是一个活的生命体，

You've also spoken of our planet as being a living entity,



近年来，我们看到了极端气候和疾病事件，

In recent years we've seen what is from our perspective extreme climate and disease events,



可以说我们正在见证地球的自身免疫系统对抗人类感染吗？

Can it be said that we are witnessing earth's autoimmune system countering the human infection?



人类正在危及它的健康。

And that is endangering its well-being.



你曾经告诉我们，你们对地球的称呼是...

So as you once told us your people's name for our planet is...





巴夏：艾纳尼卡。

Enanika.





问：这是另一件我想知道的事情，艾纳尼卡，是啊。

That that was the other thing I wanted to know, the Enanika, yes.





巴夏：我不会把你们当成传染病，

I wouldn't necessarily think of yourself as an infection,



这对你们没什么帮助。

That doesn't serve you really.



没有你们，地球照样可以很好地运转，

And the idea is that the earth can get along fine without you,



但是你们协同地球一起在这里创造了一个大气层，一个生物圈，作为地球的自然表达，

But the idea is that you are creating one atmosphere one biosphere one idea here in conjunction with the earth as expressions of nature from the earth,



你看到的是地球的疾病其实反映的是你们信念系统的疾病。

So the idea of what you reflectively see as the earth's illness is your illness of belief systems.



你要把这些反映看作是指引你的方式，

So the idea is for you to see those reflections as a way to guide you,



回归平衡，回到你们内在的和谐。

back into balance and back into harmony within yourselves.



不太可能的事件，容我们说，如果你们灭绝了，

In the unlikely shall we say event that you exterminate yourselves become extinct,



没有你们，地球照样转。

The earth will move on without you.



但是地球和你们在某种意义上达成了一个高级的协议，创造了某种体验，让你们有机会和谐地达到更高的存在层面，

But the earth and you have made in a sense a higher agreement to have a certain experience that allows you the opportunity to reach a higher plane of existence in harmony,



以一种更积极的方式来上演某些故事。

to play out certain stories in a more positive way.



这取决于你要不要那样去用它。

It's up to you to use it that way.



地球做的是反映了人类内在的不平衡，

But what the earth is doing is reflecting the imbalance within humanity,



不平衡本身就是有病的，

the imbalance itself is diseased,



它作为一种反思指引，让你把自己带回平衡中。

It's acting as a reflective guidance for you to bring yourself back into balance.





问：所以那些选择来到地球上的人，在我们大部分有记录的历史中，都有一些地方在打仗，

So those that chose to be here on earth in a situation where most of our recorded history, there are some kinds of wars going on somewhere,



所以可以说人类看起来是非常好战的生物，

So one could say humans appear to be very warlike beings,



所以选择化身在这种现实中，有着那种极端的行为，

So choosing to incarnate in this kind of a reality with that level of extreme behavior,



意味着灵魂已经决定踏上这段转变之旅。

means that the soul has decided to go on this adventure of transformation.





巴夏：这是看待它的一种方式，不要一概而论。

That's one way to look at it, again don't generalize.





问：对。

Right, so.



但在这方面，它是一个大师级的课程，

But it is a master class in that respect,



因为挑战的难度。

Because of the level of challenge.





巴夏：这是一个转变的大师班，并不意味着每个人都能毕业。

It is a master class in transformation that doesn't mean everyone will graduate.