巴夏：你总是被给予帮助
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-01-02 23:29



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2022年12月17日




问：那么关于诬告呢？

So what about the idea that of false accusation?

你怎么说如果有人批判你，

You know how you were saying that if someone judges you,

然后在某种程度上，如果你不相信这是真的，

Then you know if you didn't believe it was true on some level,

你不会对它做出反应。

You wouldn't react to it.



巴夏：是的，如果你这样做是出于教别人关于这些事情的教训，以及如何更能分辨什么是真的，什么是假的，

Yes, if you are doing it out of the idea of teaching lessons to other people about those things and how to be more Discerning about what is and is not true,

那么你可以保持相对中立，知道你已经做出了一个选择，把这样的事情吸引到你的生活中，作为别人学习的一课。

Then you can remain relatively neutral knowing that you have made a choice to attract such a thing into your life as a lesson for others to learn.



问：哇，

Wow!

如果你寻求帮助，你是否总能得到指引，还是会有得不到帮助的情况？

And if you ask for help will you always receive guidance or are there circumstances where help won't be given,

这些情况会是什么？

And what would those circumstances be?



图片



巴夏：没有这种情况，

There are no such circumstances,

帮助总是被给予的，

Help is always given.

但正如我们说过的，你必须学会注意它，而不是坚持它必须以某种形式出现，

But as we have said you have to learn to pay attention to it and not insist that it must come in a certain form,

因为帮助可能给了你，

Because it may be being given to you,

但你坚持认为它应该以其它方式出现，因此没有意识到你实际上得到的帮助，

But you may be insisting that it should come some other way and therefore not recognizing the help that you're actually getting,

所以从来都不是你没有得到帮助，

So it's never that you are not given help,

你得到了所有可能得到的帮助和支持，一直都是。

You are being given all the help and assistance you can possibly be given all the time.

只是你并没有被教导要注意这一点，

It's just that you haven't necessarily been taught to pay attention to that,

因为你内心的信念系统。

Because of the belief systems within you.



图片



问：我想有一些故事是关于God提供帮助，

I think there's some stories about those ideas of God sending help,

这个人不知道这是来自God，

And the individual not recognizing that it's coming from God,

认为它必须以某种特定的方式出。

And thinking it has to look a certain way for it to be coming from.



巴夏：一点不错，

Exactly,

所以帮助从来不会不给与。

So help is never denied ever.