巴夏：为什么你会有这样的反应？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-09-14 22:20



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年8月26日




问：所以就我们的意识是投射机这一观点而言，

So in terms of that idea that our consciousness is the projector,



它通过某些帧来投射自己，

And it's projecting itself through certain frames,



如果我们突然意识到一个消极的现实可能会让我们产生一种恐惧感，

And the idea that if we suddenly become aware of a negative reality that maybe creates a feeling of fear in us,



我们不想经历那样的事情，或者我的天哪，那正在某个地方发生，

that we don't want to experience that, or oh, my gosh! that's happening somewhere someplace,



我怎样才能确保，当我走进图书馆打开这本书看到我不想经历的事情时，

How can I make sure that the fact that I've just walked into the library opened up this book, and see this thing I don't want to experience,



在那一刻，我该如何理解它，这样我就不用显化出来？

How can I relate to it in that moment, so that I understand that I don't have to manifest that?



巴夏：不要害怕它，

Don't be afraid of it,



仅仅因为你打开了这本书，并不意味着它必须成为你的故事。

Just because you open the book, doesn't mean that it has to become your story,



图片


你可以合上书放回书架上，

You can close the book and put it back on the shelf,



中性的反应是让你知道你不一定要经历它，

The neutral response is what lets you know you don't necessarily have to experience it,



基于恐惧的反应告诉你，你正在吸引它，

A fear-based response is telling you that you're attracting it,



但你还有时间把书合上。

but that you still have time to close the book.



但是你不能因为害怕而合它，

But again, you can't close it out of fear,



这可能会给你一个机会来中和它，让你意识到，仅仅因为你暂时观察到了一些事情，并不意味着它必须成为你故事的一部分，

It might be giving you an opportunity to neutralize it to realize that just because you observe something momentarily, doesn't mean it has to become part of your story.



所以重要的是反应，你的反应告诉你你的信念系统是什么。

So it's the reaction that's important, and the reaction that tells you what your belief system is all about.



如果你有恐惧反应，它可能会告诉你：嘿，你有一个信念系统，认为这比其它任何故事都更有可能发生，

If you have a fear reaction it could be telling you: hey, you have a belief system that says that this is more likely to happen than any other story,



为什么？

Why?



然后弄清楚，

Then figure that out,



利用这个机会找出你为什么会有那样的反应，

Take that opportunity to find out why you would react that way,



为什么你会相信这比其它任何经历更有可能发生在你的生活中，

Why you would believe that that's more likely to happen in your life than any other kind of an experience?



给自己一个机会去改变这个故事，去写一个新的故事，

Give yourself the opportunity to change the story to write a new story,



因为如果你有恐惧反应，那是有原因的，

Because if you have a fear reaction, there's a reason that you do,



所以找出它所依附的信念。

So find out what belief it's attached to.



恐惧来自什么样的信念，

What belief that the fear comes from?



用它来写一个新的故事，

And write a new story work with it,



图片



你是一个作家，你是一个创造者，

You're a writer, you're a creator,



写这个故事，找出你为什么会有这样的反应。

Write the story find out why you react the way you do.



通过检查你的信念来改变它，并理解为什么你选择做出反应，就好像这比其它任何选择都更不可避免，

And change it by examining it, and understanding why you're choosing to react as if that's more inevitable than any other choice,



它给了你一个写自己故事的机会。

It's giving you the opportunity to write your story.



图片
End