巴夏：我们生活中需要小心谨慎吗？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-12-24 23:16


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年12月16日



问：你好，老巴，我是来自以Se列的塔米，我有两个问题，
Hi, Bashar, it's Tammy from Israel, and I have two questions.

第一个问题，我们生活中需要小心谨慎吗？
First question, do we need to take cautious in life?

我的意思像是，我们需要锁好门吗？
And I mean like, do we need to lock the house?

远离危险的邻居，
Stay out of dangerous neighborhood,

不要在黑暗中行走，
Don't walk in the dark,

要小心。
Like be careful.

因为我问这个问题，
Because I asked this,

因为一方面，没有坏事会发生在我们身上，
Because on one hand nothing bad can happen to us,

如果我们的灵魂不同意。
If it's not agreed by us, by our soul.


但另一方面，也许我们会鲁莽地去做地球上各种危险的事情，
But on the other hand, maybe, we'll be too reckless to to do everything that is dangerous on Earth,

所以我真的很想知道你的看法，
So I really want to know what do you think about it,

如果你的答案是，我们应该谨慎，
And if your answer is going to be that we should take cautious,

那么什么是过于谨慎？
Then what is too cautious?

因为它有可能来自焦虑，害怕去做事情。
Because it can come from also anxiety to afraid doing stuff.

谢谢！
Thank you!


巴夏：是的，如果焦虑占据了你的心灵，你不采取行动，那就是太过谨慎了，
Yes, well, that is too cautious, if the anxiety takes over and you're not acting.

所以要警惕，留意你的周围， 更重要的是要意识到你与正在发生的事情的关系，你与你的环境的关系，你与你的信念的关系，
So the idea is to be alert, to be aware of your surrounding, and to be aware even more importantly of your relationship to what's going on, of your relationship to your environment, of your relationship to your beliefs,

你相信什么对你的成长和学习是必要的，你真正理解在你的生活中需要什么样的必要的经历才能让你学到你同意学习的课程，
And what you believe is necessary for you to grow, to learn, what kind of experiences you truly understand are necessary in your life for you to learn the lessons that you agreed to learn,

让你成长和扩展，发现新的自己。
to grow and expand, and discover something new about yourself.

在某种意义上，这不是小心谨慎，而是意识到，
It's not about in a sense being cautious, it's about being aware,

保持警惕，
It's about being alert,

这是关于与你的环境和你选择探索的主题建立清晰的关系，
It's about having a clear relationship with your environment and the themes that you chose to explore,

然后你不必因为害怕而采取行动。
And then, you don't have to act out of fear.


你会知道无论发生什么，你都可以利用它来使你受益，只要对此保持积极的状态，
You will know that whatever happens is something you can use to your benefit by staying in a positive state about it,

你可以把事情转变成对你有利的局面，
And that you can transform things to your advantage,

所以不是，这不是要谨慎，
So no, it's not about being cautious,

而是警惕，
It's about being alert,

察觉意识到，
aware,

了解，
in touch,

形成平衡。
forming a balance.

End

