巴夏：消除分裂的方法
原创 无限宇宙之爱 宇宙翻译官 2024-04-29 23:53


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2024年4月27日



问：关于战争，我们今天看到了很多分裂，
还有关于解决这些冲突的方法，你有什么建议吗？
你认为我们作为个人和集体应该采取什么行动？

图片


巴夏：重要的是放下基于恐惧的信念和负面信念，
It is very important to let go of fear-based beliefs, negative beliefs,

理解和同情彼此是非常重要的，你们每个人走不同的路都是有充足的理由的，
to have understanding and compassion for each other that each of you walk a different path for a good reason,


做事的方法不止一种，
that there isn't just one way to do things,


条条大路通罗马，这一点可以从有多少条个人道路的存在就能看出来，
that there are several ways to do things as indicated by the number of individual paths that exist,


这一切都指向同一个地方，都指向家，都指向同一个源头，都来自同一个源头。
that it all leads to the same place, it all leads home, it all leads to the same source, it all comes from the same source,


图片

放下认为自己掌握着唯一算数的真理，唯一算数的视角，
and to let go of the idea that you have the only truth, the only perspective that counts,


而是要理解和认可你们所有人之间的个体差异，以创造真正的统一，真正的和谐。
but to understand and validate the individual differences among all of you to create true unity, true harmony,


这就是我们给你提供兴奋公式的原因，
This is why we give you the formula.


图片

大多数人不同意的唯一原因是，他们太沉迷于自己的信念系统，而没有真正看到这些信念存在的根本原因，
and the only reason most people don't agree is because they're too caught up in their own belief system and not really looking at the fundamental reasons why those beliefs exist.


一旦你审视了这些信念，放下了那些与你不再相关的、不代表你核心频率的信念，
Once you examine those beliefs and let go of the ones that are truly no longer relevant for you, truly not representative of your core frequency,


就不会有分歧，就会认可差异，这些差异会以不同的角度被看待，
there will be no disagreement, there will be validation of the differences, and the differences will be seen in a different light,


它们将被视为到达同一源头的不同方式，
and they will be seen as different ways to reach the same source.


所以你必须放下基于恐惧和负面的信念，那样来看差异。
So you have to let go of the fear-based and negative beliefs to see it that way.


问：好，这就是我们如何最终激活很多基因标记的部分方法。

巴夏：通过遵循这个公式，你提高了你的振动，通过提高你的振动频率，你激活了此时与你相关的基因标记，让你的意识得以扩展。
By following the formula, you raise your vibration, by raising your vibrational frequency, you activate the genetic markers that are relevant for you at this time to allow for the expansion of consciousness.

