巴夏：安住当下会让你朝着自己喜欢的方向前进
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年05月31日 21:39 辽宁
前言

“无论你现在所经历的是什么，都必须被完全接受和理解为你所能经历的最重要的事情”

                        译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                  传讯时间：2024年5月25日

问：你好，巴夏。我的名字叫梅。我有一个关于信念的问题。通过我过去几年的精神成长。我获得了一些智慧。我已经成为一个非常快乐的人。我现在能够看穿别人的行为，看到他们的信念是什么，看到他们是如何造就自己的。我似乎无法看透自己的行为。我似乎不明白我的信念是什么。这些信念让我的生活变得不尽人意。所以我想知道你是否能帮助我明白我怎样能找到自己的信念。谢谢。

Q:Hi, Bashar. My name is Mei. I have a question about beliefs.Through my last few years spiritual growth.I have gained a few wisdoms. I have become a much happy person.I am now able to see through other people's behaviors to see what their beliefs are, to see how their beliefs have made who they are.I can't seem to see through my own behaviors.I can't seem to understand what my beliefs are.those beliefs that make my life not as ideal as I want it to be. So I was wondering if you could help me understand how I can find my own beliefs.Thank you.

图片

巴夏：首先，也是最重要的一点，你可能正在侵蚀我生活应该是什么样子的边界，这可能会让你离开当前的生活。所以找到阻止你体验你喜欢的东西的信念的概念是真正完全接受你现在的处境。

Bashar：First and for most, you may be encroaching on the borderline of what my life should be and that can take you out of the present. So the idea to find the beliefs that are keeping you from experiencing what you prefer is to actually fully accept where you are now.

即使这不是你认为的理想处境。因为每件事的发生都有一个理由，让你有机会利用它使自己受益。所以无论你现在所经历的是什么，都必须被完全接受和理解为你所能经历的最重要的事情。

even if it's not what you deem to be the ideal situation.Because everything happens for a reason to give you the opportunity to use it to your advantage.So whatever it is you're experiencing now has to be fully accepted and fully understood as being the most important thing you can be experiencing.

你不必说“我应该经历一些不同的事情”。因为这是对当前正在发生的事情的无效宣告，它会让你离开当下。这让你无法根据当下呈现在你面前的东西，以使用礼物的方式来利用礼物。

and you don't have to go into "I should be experiencing something different" because that's an invalidation of what's going on in the present which takes you out of the present.which doesn't allow you to use the present to your advantage in the way that you could be using it based on what's being presented to you in the present.

所以矛盾的是，安住当下会让你朝着自己喜欢的方向前进。但你不能认为你应该去一个比现在更好的地方。你现在所在的地方一定是尽可能好的最好的地方。因为它包含了你需要变得更多的一切，但你必须接受你现在的处境。

So staying in the present with what is is what will allow you paradoxically to move forward toward what you prefer.but you can't think that you should be somewhere better than where you are now. Where you are now has to be the best possible thing it could possibly be where you are now. because it contains everything you need to become more, but you have to accept yourself for where you are in the moment.

