巴夏：电视、书籍等娱乐是否总是一种瘾？
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年06月13日 23:09 辽宁
前言

“任何东西都可以正面地使用，也可以负面地使用。”

                       译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                   传讯时间：2024年5月25日

问：好的，电视、电影、书籍、游戏等娱乐是否总是一种瘾，会分散我们对精神旅程的注意力？我们真正是谁，或者这会成为我们生活中积极的一部分？这样的娱乐形式是否与地球上公开接触和精神进化以及健康世界的愿景相兼容？

Okay, and is entertainment like television, movies, books, games, etc. always an addiction and a distraction from our spiritual journey and who we really are or can it be a positive part of our lives?and who we really are or can it be a positive part of our lives?Are forms of entertainment like that compatible with a vision for open contact and spiritual evolution on earth and a healthy world?

巴夏：是的，当然。我们会强调这一点100亿次。任何东西都可以正面地使用，也可以负面地使用。这取决于一个人的信念系统中发生了什么，以及他们为什么会吸收这些信息，这些信息是关于什么的，对他们来说意味着什么。

Yes, of course. We will underline that 10 billion times.Anything can be used positively or negatively.It depends on what's going on in the belief system of the person and why they may be absorbing that information and what the information is all about and what it represents to them.

他们看这个是出于焦虑吗？他们吸收它是因为他们自己基于恐惧还是消极的信念系统？或者他们是否从中学到了一些东西，可以以积极的方式应用于他们的生活，或者应用于他们为人类提供的共享和服务？这是关于你如何使用信息，为什么使用信息。

Are they watching this out of anxiety? Are they absorbing it because of their own fear-based or negative belief system?Or are they learning something from it that can be applied to their lives in a positive way or in the sharing and service that they provide for humanity?It's about how you use the information, why you use the information. 

所以是的，当然，它有可能变得消极上瘾，但你必须明白，这始于一个人自己，关于他们为什么在看他们正在看的东西。所以他们必须诚实地问自己，我为什么要看这个？我从中学到了什么？我该如何在生活中积极使用它？

So yes, of course, there is the possibility it can become negatively addictive, but you have to understand that that starts within the person themselves as about why they're watching what they're watching.So they have to be honest within themselves and ask themselves, why am I watching this? What am I learning from it?How can I use it in my life in a positive way or not?

所以再一次，这需要诚实的自我调查来回答这个问题。但任何东西都可以正面地使用，也可以负面地使用，甚至可以中性地使用。

So again, it requires honest self-investigation to answer that question.But anything can be used positively or negatively or even neutrally. Okay, and final question.

图片

问：好的，最后一个问题。我们每天能做的一件来减轻我们世界的痛苦的事情是什么？

Okay, and final question.What is the one thing we can do each and every day to lessen the suffering in our world?

巴夏：尽你所能为他人服务。尽你所能提供帮助，懂得向他人展示可能有一种更积极的方式来体验生活。让他们接触到自我赋权，让他们感受到自己与源头的连接，作为源头的表达。

Be of service to others as best you can. Help where you can, knowing that showing others that there may be a more positive way to experience life.to put them in touch with their self-empowerment, to allow them to feel their connection to Source as an expression of Source.

这可以尽你所能的做到最好，但你必须让他们决定如何吸收这些信息，甚至接受这些信息。因为你必须把他们视为强大的存在，他们有一条你一无所知或知之甚少的人生道路，但仍然明白他们出现在你的生活中可能是有原因的。

can be done as best as you can do it, but you have to let them decide how to absorb that information or even to receive it and accept it at all.Because you have to see them as powerful beings that have a life path that you know nothing about or very little about, but still understand that there may be a reason why they're in your life.

这可能是为了让你可以与他们分享其他对他们更有利的道路，无论他们是否选择接受。所以尽你所能地帮助当同步性为你提供了这样做的机会。

and that may be for the benefit that you can share with them of other ways to do things that may be more beneficial to them, whether or not they choose to take it is up to them.So do the best you can to help where synchronicity provides an opportunity for you to do so.

如果你已经生活在一个充满欢乐、和平、爱和连接的世界里，就要采取必要的行动。尽你所能保持这种状态，发挥你的激情，遵循公式，尽可能地为他人服务。这是你能做到的最好的事情。

Take the actions necessary that you would take if you were already living on a world of joy, peace, love and connection.and just do the best you can to stay in that state, acting on your passion, following the formula and being of service where you can.That's the best you can do.