巴夏：信念=创建‘因果链’关系的等式
2025.3.06
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee

巴夏：

信念是你为自己编制、建构的一种「模板化的情景视角网络系统」，从而以这样的视角系统进入情景，信念=你和情境的某种关系。在这种关系中，你站在某些特定的概念或者观念的位置，基于这样的位置你会如何看待情景、情景会如何看待你。这些就是你的信念。
Belief is a patterned system of perspectives of the situation you are creating yourself to be in, your relationship to that situation, where you think you quote-unquote stand relative to any particular concept or notion how you relate to it how it relates to you. Those are your beliefs.

“我相信“身心失调（dis-ease）、疾病”的理念”，我相信如果我做了某些事，就会产生某种结果。确实如此就产生了。

I believe in the idea of dis-ease. I believe that if therefore I do such and such, it will result in such and such. And so it does. 



你正在构建等式，信念仅仅就是等式，它们是因果关系链的等式，这就是你的信念是什么。简单来说，如果A发生，就会产生结果B，这便是信念。
You are setting up the equation. Beliefs are simply equations. They are cause and effect equations. That is what your beliefs are. You simply say, if A happens, B will follow. That is a belief.

你可以按自己的意愿赋予任何定义给A和B，而当你重新定义A和B是什么时，它就会改变整个事件。明白吗？很多时候，A可以进入B的空间领域，B也可以进入A的空间领域，而这不一定非得是线性的。因、果是各自独立的事件，因果之间不一定需要先后顺序。
You can allow A and B to be any definition you wish. And when you redefine what A and B are, it changes the entire event. You follow me? And in many scenarios, A can go into the B space, and B can go into the A space. It does not have to be linear. Cause and effect are single events, and one does not necessarily have to come first.

如果你创造了足够强大的「结果」，那么自然造物不会允许其所造之物中有任何真空，会补给你支持此「结果」的「原因」。

If you create a strong enough effect, nature not allowing there to be a vacuum in creation, will supply the cause to support the effect you have created. 



所以这就是为什么很多人，正如我们之前说的这个类比，他们贯穿一生都在抗拒变得快乐，直到他们终于找到充分去变得快乐的理由，“有了这足够多的开心的理由作为原因我才能变得高兴起来”。
So that is why in life, many individuals, as we have used this analogy before, will go through life absolutely refusing to be happy until they find a good enough reason to be happy, a good enough cause to be happy.

如果他们能试着换个角度，明白自己其实没有「去变得不幸福快乐」的理由，并让自己简简单单的去创造幸福快乐的结果，那么自然造物会提供一切幸福开心的原因来支持你。



问：

所以，行动的好像你已经幸福开心了起来。
If they would allow themselves to perhaps come from the point of view that they really don't have a reason to not be happy, and allow themselves to simply create the effect of happiness, then nature will supply all of the causes to support the happiness. So act as if, actually. 


巴夏：

是的，就是这样。正是相信才能看见，而非看见才能相信。

Yes. That is it. It is believing is seeing, not seeing is believing.



问：

非常感谢。

Thank you very much. 



巴夏：

不客气。

Thank you.


