巴夏：当被别人冒犯、中伤时该怎么办
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee



问：你好，巴夏。

Hello, Bashar.



巴夏：也祝你愉快。

And to you, good day.



问：我们这有个问题…我们？

We have a question from... 



巴夏：“我们”...你们也是集体意识啦？

We? We... Are you a collective as well?



问：

是的，算是吧。来自集体的问候。

Yes, I suppose. From one collective to another, hello.



这个问题是收音电台的听众提的。所以我想代那位问一下。谢谢。

Hello. This question is coming from one of the viewers for News for the Soul Radio. Oh, all right. And so I'd like to ask it for that person. Thank you.



巴夏：请讲。By all means, proceed.



问：好的。如果所有事物都因观察者而异，那么，个人的经历会因观察者的不同发生改变吗？谢谢。

Okay. Okay. If all things observed changed based upon the observer, then does an individual's experience in life change based upon who is observing them? Thank you.



巴夏：是，也不是。我会像之前那样解释：你一生中所见的所有人，都是你自己创造的他们的某个版本。你实际上和他们的意识在沟通，但你在物质界现实中感知到的是在你眼中创建的关于他们的版本。所以，你正感知到‘他人’其实正是感知你自己——即你创建的你的版本的他人。

Yes and no. Here's how I will explain this as we have explained it before. All of the versions of people you see in your life are your versions of them that you have created. You are in communication with the actual consciousnesses that they are but what you perceive in physical reality is your version of them in your reality. So what you perceive is perceiving you is your version of them.



那么‘他们改变你如何感受+体验他们的程度’=你是否愿意接受你所重新创造的他们的版本。懂了吗？

And their ability to ‘change you’ only goes so far as your willingness to go into agreement with what you have created your version to be giving to you. Does that make sense?



??

巴夏：你在疗愈哪个版本的他人

巴夏：我是这个房间里唯一的人吗？



问：对，因为你体验的一切本质上都是你自己的能量。

Yeah, because basically everything you're experiencing is really your own energy.



巴夏：

没错。所以，你正在创建真实存在的其他人的一个切片、版本来体验。

Yes. And so you can only create your versions of other beings that actually exist.



没错，所以当你和他人沟通时，并且你意识到可能还有其他方式可以改变自己频率，并重新匹配他人频率，你会以自己觉得舒服的节奏来做到改变自己的频率并重新创建你的版本的他人。然后，你才能允许你的版本的他人可以有某种方式“影响”你，无论以何种方式，何种程度，以你适应的速度。

Yes, so when you communicate with them and you understand there may be another idea that you can change yourself to match the frequency of, you will do that at whatever rate is comfortable for you through... The version of them you have created for yourself and you will allow that version of them to quote-unquote affect you in whatever way, to whatever degree at whatever pace you are comfortable with.



所以，机制是，你正允许自己发生变化，根据你他们看起来说了点什么给你，但他们用语言传达的东西只是作为他们宏伟完整的个体的一小部分切片，而这个‘宏伟完整个体的一部分切片’转化传达出来的语言、话语=你在你的物质界现实中，拿着你的滤镜来过滤完整的他们后，从而创建构建出你的版本的他人的‘说出来的话’。明白了吗？

So you are allowing yourself to change based on what they may seem to be saying to you but it may only be a piece of what the real being is actually saying to you that's coming through your version your filter that you have created to represent them in your reality. Does that make sense?

??

巴夏：存在的结构-讲座专栏

巴夏：位于不同位面的“我”

巴夏：下载高我信息的松果腺体（高我心智、物质界心智、大脑松果体的关系）-讲座专栏



问：是的，因为本质上这就是一场梦。这是你的梦境。

Yes, because it's basically you're having the dream. It's your dream that you're having.



??

巴夏：现实与梦境的意识焦点转移

巴夏：物质界现实的本质-讲座专栏

巴夏：梦境如何流淌进入现实-梦境瑜伽



巴夏：是的。Yes.



问：哇，太神奇了。谢谢你，巴夏。

Wow, that's pretty amazing. Well, thank you, Bashar. Thank you.



问：你好，巴夏。

Hi, Bashar.



巴夏：也祝你愉快。

And to you, good day.



问：我想继续刚才的问题以及你所说的：那么，我该如何改变自己才能改变我对周围人的看法？特别是那些我感觉周围人对我不友善的经历。

I'd like to build on this previous question and what you've been saying. How can I then change myself to change the perception I'm having of the people around me and specifically the ones I'm having quote-unquote negative experiences with.



巴夏：好的。首先，别把现实中的任何事都贴上负面标签，因为如果你这样做了，你就是在认可它们，你也在强化自己这种想法，对吧？

All right. First of all, you start by not labeling anything in your reality as negative because if you do, all you're doing is agreeing with them and perpetuating that idea for yourself, are you not?



问：是的。

Yes.



??

巴夏：负面信念诞生的位面



巴夏：嗯…那么，如果有人做了什么事让你觉得发生在你的现实的你身上，或者针对你，基于我们刚才说的，你需要知晓是你在构建你的版本的他们，你必须在意识深处同意了他们在伤害你的这个想法，才能获得这种感知看待它的方式。

Well... then if someone does something that you perceive is happening in your reality or is directed at you, knowing what we just said in that you are creating your version of them, you must be somewhere within your own consciousness in agreement with that idea in order to perceive it that way.



我们知道你们能以中立的视角观察事物，我们知道你们能以客观的视角观察事物，可以这么说，即使你没有做错什么，别人也可能很消极。但关键是你不会受影响，唯一原因是认同它与你有关。明白吗？

Now, we understand you have the ability to observe in a neutral sense, in an objective sense, so to speak that someone can be being negative even if you're not. But the point is you don't take it to heart if you know it has nothing to do with you. The only reason you would feel affected by it is if you agree that it does. You see?



哦，稍等。我想说明一点，可以吗？

Okay, well, I want to take it once. Oh, one moment. Not done yet. Okay. I want to illustrate a little point, if that's all right.



问：当然。谢谢。

Absolutely. Thank you. 



巴夏：你最喜欢什么颜色？

What is your favorite color?



问：蓝色。

Blue.



巴夏：行。假如你穿着蓝色衣服，然后有人走过来说，他讨厌红色，还讨厌你穿的衣服。你会觉得：啊？这没道理啊。哦，这肯定跟我没关系。哦，你肯定有病。你一定是在说别人。你不会因此受影响，因为你不会理解。明白吗？

All right. If you were wearing something blue and someone came up to you and said, I hate red. And I hate what you're wearing. You'd go, what? That makes no sense. Oh, it must have nothing to do with me. Oh, you must be crazy. You must be talking about someone else. You wouldn't be affected by it because it wouldn't make sense to you. You understand?



问：嗯。

Yes.



巴夏：你不会有任何情绪波动。所以，关键在于，当你感受到别人“攻击”你时，实际上是你让他们这个‘他们’其实是你自己创建的你的版本的他们充当了一面镜子，反射出你内心深处你也是这么认同自己的。不然你不会有任何反应。

You would have no real emotional reaction to it. The idea, therefore, is that when you feel the emotional reaction of someone's supposed attack, what you're doing is getting them your version of them to reflect to you that some portion of yourself feels that way about yourself. Otherwise, you wouldn't react.



你只会中性的观察这个人的言行：哦，有意思。然后继续生活。但如果你对他人的言行有反应，这个对他人言行的反应=在大声告诉你内心深处也真实的认同了他们的观点。所以，你想怎么处理你认同他人观点的这件事？

You would just observe it: Oh, interesting. And move on with your day. But if you react to it, It's showing you, hey some part of you actually is buying into this as true. So what do you want to do about it?



所以你可以说，谢谢，谢谢我的反应，让我看到我并不完全爱自己。当你真正开始这么做，然后你就会开始发现别人对你的态度或许会因此改变，因为你已经首先改变了你创建的你的版本的他们，从而让现实更好地镜面反射出现在你更加全然地爱自己。明白了吗？

So you say, well, thank you. Thank you for showing that I was not loving all of myself. And when you really start doing that, then you may start to see that someone else's attitude toward you may change. Because what you've done is you've changed your version of them and your reality to be more reflective of the fact that you're now loving yourself more wholly. Make sense?



也许，真实的他们依然会冒犯所有人，但你所能感受到的，是你所创造的你的版本的他们，而这个创建“被冒犯”的‘他人版本’的过程正镜像反射出你愿意给予自己多大的爱意，而你曾没有给自己这部分爱意。

They may, the real being may still be going off and insulting everybody. But the only version of them you'll get is the version you've created that is now reflective of the love you're willing to give to yourself that you weren't willing to give to yourself before.



你开始明白了吗？你看出这是怎么回事了吗？‘明与暗的游戏’

Is this starting to make sense? Do you see what kind of a shadow play this is?



问：没错，非常微妙，尤其是当你和别人身处同一空间时。

Yes, it's very subtle, especially if you're in the room with somebody.



巴夏：没错，但是，记住是你想象和别人同处一个空间。记住，你和别人同处一个空间是不真实的，并非真实存在。这是你体验到的现实，而现实则并非是真实。‘和别人共处一个空间’作为一种想象，只是你所创造的体验你自己的现实的一种方式和符号象征。

Yes, especially if you imagine you're in the room with somebody. Remember, it's not real. It's not real. It's your reality experience. It's not empirically real. It's just a symbol of the reality you are creating yourself to be Of your experience of yourself.

??

巴夏：我是这个房间里唯一的人吗？



意味着：就算看起来有人和你同处一室，但他们也不在那里。他们在自己的房间里，或许和他们所创建的他们版本的你在一起互动。所以，问题是你希望在属于你的房间里发生点什么？因为你才是那个身处于你房间的人。无论外在看起来怎么样，但只有你一个人在里面。

So just because it looks like someone else is in the room with you, they're not. They're in their own room. Maybe with their version of you. So the question is what do you prefer to be going on in your room? Because you're the only one in it. Regardless of what it looks like, you're the only one in it.



你们星球上有部叫《星际迷航》的科幻剧，你熟悉吗？你了解他们说的全息甲板吗？你明白其他人都是全息影像吗？

Are you familiar with what you call a fictional drama on your planet called Star Trek? Are you familiar with The device that they call the holodeck. Are you understanding that all of the other people are just holograms?



图片


问：我理性上是理解的。

I understand that intellectually.



巴夏：我喜欢这句台词。这不带冒犯，也没有评判。这是最好的借口：我理性上理解，其实就是我不想去接近你，去你理解到底说了什么。这就是再把观点推开。因为你其实心知肚明我在说什么，在你的内心深处，在你的灵魂深处。

 I just love that line. It is no offense, no judgment. It's the ultimate cop-out: I understand it intellectually, is actually another way of saying I'm not sure I want to close to really knowing what you're saying here. It's pushing the idea away. Because you actually do know exactly what I'm saying. Deep in your heart. Deep in your soul.



只是你被教导深究其原因会让你恐惧，害怕面对这个概念：即现实是全息投影的真实体验？没错，因为你看，这就是你正在面对的，这应该是你们大多数人会遇到的问题，当你们面对这种关于人与人互动时真实发生的情况。

It's just that you've been taught to be afraid to look at it too closely. Afraid to look at the concept or the actual experience of holograms? Yes, because you see, this is what you're dealing with. This is what most of you deal with when you're in this kind of situation.



你们害怕深究这件事，因为你们一直被教导要变的害怕就是你们以为别人对你们的评价可能真的是对的。天哪，那还得了，太可怕了！明白吗？如果你们深究下去，你们害怕的其实就是他们说对了，到那时，你们又会变成什么样呢？

You're afraid to look too closely at dealing with this because what you've been taught to fear is that what you think these other people are saying about you might actually be true. And oh no, how horrible would that be? You follow me? If you look too deeply, you're afraid it might actually be true. And then where will you be?



但我跟你说，这永远不可能成真。只有你认为什么是真的，它才是真的。这能理解吗？

But I'm telling you it never will be true. Only what you decide is true for you is true. Is this making some sense?



问：理性上？谢谢提醒。好。

Intellectually? I appreciate the reminder. All right.



巴夏：接下来你想聊什么？

Now where do you want to go with this from here?



问：我想从这开始，因为为了参加这次活动，我之前就用心灵感应和你交流过了，还请你帮我发现我有哪些阻碍，让我无法发挥最大潜力。

I want to go from here because in preparation for coming to this event, I had communicated to you telepathically and asked you to help me discover my blocks from living my fullest potential. 



巴夏：那我呢？我在做什么？

And what am I doing? 



问：不对，昨晚你到我梦里来了。

 Well, no, last night you came to me in my dreams. 



巴夏：是的。

Yes.



问：我想知道我们在做什么。

 And I wanted to know what we were doing.



巴夏：这个。我们在做这个。更多这个。更多这样的工作。是的。（巴夏指在创建这场对话）

This. We were doing this. More of this. More of this work. Yes.



问：好，你能具体说说我灵魂的约定和人生目标是什么吗？

Okay, so can you specifically illuminate for me my soul's agreement and purpose in life?



巴夏：很明显，这是你选择学习的内容之一：在知晓你的自我价值与面对不同甚至反对的观点意见之间。你选择相信自己吗？还是相信与你无关的别人的说法？你选择哪个？

Obviously, this is one of the things you have decided to learn: Your self-worth. In the face of opposing opinions. Are you going to believe in the truth that is you? Or are you going to believe in someone else's truth that nothing to do with you. Which do you prefer?



问：我相信自己。

I believe in my truth.



巴夏：好。那就继续这么做吧。每当因他人评价而感到害怕时，或对他人的话语感到有抵触反应的时候，要知道，这是重拾自我价值的机会和自我相信自己的机会，还要明白，很多时候当有人靠近你，并说了些看似在攻击你的话，其实他们想告诉你，他们也有同样的恐惧。

All right. Then you can continue to choose to do so. And anytime you find yourself feeling fearful about someone else is saying about you or reacting to someone else's communication at you, understand that's another opportunity to feel your self-worth and believe in yourself and understand that many times when someone comes up to you and says something that seems like an attack on you, what they're actually telling you is they have the same fear.



他们只是将恐惧投射到你身上，给你一个机会，自己判断这是否真实。然后，你要做的就是变得足够宽容，让他们自己去发现他们秉持的恐惧对他们而言是否还有必要继续秉持，因为他们会看到你变得更爱自己，从而反射到他们那去也让他们意识到可以更爱自己。明白了吗？

And they're just projecting it on you to give you an opportunity to decide whether it's true for you. And what you can then do is be big enough to hold a space to allow them to find out whether it really needs to continue to be true for them by loving them back for showing you an opportunity to love yourself more. You see?



问：是的，非常感谢。

Yes, thank you very much.



巴夏：有帮助吗？

Is this helping?



问：当然。谢谢。

Oh, absolutely. Thank you, 



