巴夏：你所相信的，并非事实
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-10-31 20:33



问：
Recently I’ve been very very afraid
最近，我一直感到非常非常害怕

巴夏：
非常啥？

问：
害怕

巴夏：
害怕啥？

问：
Afraid of what might happen in the future 
害怕未来可能发生的事

巴夏：
Well, that's the easiest question to ask to reveal what the negative beliefs are that you're holding on to that you think benefit you somehow, that's exactly the perfect question to ask 
你只需要问自己一个最简单的问题，也是一个非常完美的问题，就可以揭示出你认为对你有助益，并紧抓不放的负面信念，问自己：

If I did in fact allow myself to be who I prefer to be and follow my passion in the way I would prefer to, What am I most afraid might happen? 
“如果我真的允许自己成为我想成为的人，并以自己喜好的方式，跟随自己的激情，那么，我最害怕发生的事情，可能是什么？”

That will usually reveal the negative belief
通常，这会揭露你的负面信念

And then you have something to work with 
然后，你就有事情可做

And ask yourself 
你可以继续问自己：

Why do I believe that to be true.
“为什么我相信会这样子呢？”

Why do I believe that it benefits me to hold onto that 
“为什么我会认为：坚持这样的信念，对我有助益呢？”

What am I afraid of in terms of the alternative. 
“对于其他的选择，我害怕什么呢？”

Why do I have a definition of the alternative that supposed to be my excitement that I would be defining as something negative?
“既然其他选择是我的兴奋，并且对我有助益，那么，我又为什么把它们定义为‘负面’呢？”

Because again, that would instantly tell you that you don't have a clear definition of excitement? 
这些问题，会瞬间告诉你，你对“兴奋”并没有一个清晰的定义

Because if you actually had a clear definition of your passion
因为，如果你对你的“激情”有一个清晰准确的定义

You would understand that by definition, your passion cannot contain a negative experience.
那么，你就会知道：根据这个定义，你的“激情”不可能包含任何一种负面的经历

And when you say: well, I'm going to act on my passion. But if I do, something negative might happen, 
当你对自己说：“我将在我的激情上付诸行动，但这么做的话，可能会发生一些糟糕、负面的事情”

That's not a definition of your passion. 
这可不是“激情”的真正定义哦！

It's a different definition that you're working with. 
这是作用在你身上的一个不同的“激情”的定义

So you have to be very clear and precise about your definitions
所以，对于你的“激情”，你必须有一个非常清晰准确的定义

And when you hear things come out of your mouth or thoughts go through your head that sounds like facts. 
当你听到自己嘴巴说出来的话，或脑袋中闪过的念头，看似事实的时候

You have to stop yourself and catch yourself and remember
那你就要停下来，hold住自己，并回忆起：

They're not facts.They're just opinions, perspectives and beliefs And they can be changed.
它们并非“事实”，而只是意见、观点和信念，并且，它们可以被改变

明白了吗？

问：
明白了！

巴夏：
Because when people on your planet say, well everyone knows how difficult that is 
因为，当地球上的一些人说：“大家都知道，这事情有多难”

No they don't.
不！他们“不”知道！

It's not a fact. 
那不是事实！

It's a fact that you believe it
那是你所相信的事实

But it's not an empirical fact unto itself that things have to be a struggle. 
它们本身，并非实证的、一定是困难的事实

That's just an opinion, a perspective of what you've been taught it's a belief that you bought into as true 
那只是一个看法，一种观念，一种你们被教导出来的、信以为真的信念

And that's all it is
仅此而已

And those things can always be changed. 
而这些东西，总是可以改变的

The only things that can't be changed or what we call the five laws. The only five facts we've ever found in existence. 
唯一不能被改变的，我们称之为“五个宇宙法则”，或者说是，我们发现的关于“存在”的五个无法被改变的事实

You exist
第一：你存在

Everything is here and now 
第二：一切都存在于此时此地

The one is all, the all are one
第三：一即一切，一切即一 

What you put out is what you get back
第四：你给出什么，你就收获什么

And everything changes, but the law 
第五：一切都在改变，除了这五个法则

That's it. 
就这么多

Everything else is a perspective 
除此之外，都是视角

巴夏：
这对你有帮助吗？

问：
非常有帮助！谢谢您！