巴夏：信念系统的激励机制
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-09-07 20:31



问：

My first question is about blind spots. 

我的第一个问题是关于“盲点”



巴夏：

Blind spots. 

盲点？



问：

是的！



巴夏：

Do you mean metaphorically or physiologically? 

你是比喻的“盲”，还是生理上的“盲”？



问：

Metaphorically. 

比喻



巴夏：

好的！



问：

我有过一些负面的经历



巴夏：

真是令人兴奋呐！为什么呢？



问：

我不确定！



巴夏：

你肯定确定！



Don't you understand the motivational mechanism, as we have described? 

你难道不理解我们曾说过的“信念系统的激励机制”吗？



你需要我们再解释一遍吗？



问：

甚好！



巴夏：

好嘞！



Please understand again what we are describing here is a mechanism. It's physics. This is how it works. 

你们需要明白，我们这里所说的，是运作机制，是物理效果，是运作方式



All of you have a motivational mechanism. 

你们每个人，都有一个激励机制



It means without fail, immediately, instantly, automatically, no exceptions. 

它意味，毋庸置疑，马上，立即，自动地，毫无例外地



You always choose in the direction you believe serves you best 

你总是选择你认为对你最有助益的方向



Always! 

一直都是



You always move away from what you believe does not serve you. 

你总是远离 你认为无益于你的东西



Always. 

总是如此



That means 

这意味着：



If you can see that you're choosing things that don't serve you, the only reason that can happen if you understand the motivational mechanism is because you must have a belief attached to things that make them seem like they serve you when they don't. 

如果你发现，你选择了某个对你毫无助益的东西，并且，你也明白“信念系统的激励机制”，那么，会发生这种情况的唯一原因，就是因为：你肯定有个信念，依附在这个东西上，使得它看似对你有助益，而实际上，它并没有



So you need to find out what definition would you have attached to your motivation to make you choose something you know doesn't serve you, 

所以，你需要找出，你身上有什么样的定义/信念，依附在你的“动力”上，促使你选择了某个你知道对你没助益的东西



Because the only way you would choose it is that you've made it seem like it does, better than the alternative. 

因为，你会选择它的唯一原因，就是因为这个信念，使它看似对你有助益，并比其他的选项更好



When you can discover what that belief is and identify it consciously, you will see it makes no sense. 

当你发现了那个信念，并有意识地将其认定出来，你会发现，它毫无道理



As soon as it makes no sense, you will drop it. 

一旦你发现它毫无道理，那你就会把它放下



Then your motivational mechanism will turn in the opposite direction 

然后，你的激励机制，就会转向相反方向



And you'll start choosing things that actually are to your benefit 

你也会开始选择对你有助益的东西



Because you have identified why you were choosing something that wasn't because you were making it appear as if it was. 

因为，你已经确定你选择那些对你无益的东西的原因，也就是，你的某些信念使之看似对你有助益



That's how it works. 

信念系统的激励机制，就是这么运作的



问：

I think I was creating the negative experiences to call my attention to that like you just said. 

我想，我之所以会创造出这些负面经历，就是要让我注意到你刚才所说的那些



巴夏：

是的！那么，你从中收获了什么呢？



问：

I get greater awareness. 

我更加觉察



巴夏：

Well, then it served you in that way. 

那么，这就是它带给你的助益



But you can also realize that you can have greater awareness by doing it in a different way too. 

但你也可以意识到，你用不同的方式去做，也可以让自己变得更加觉察



问：

That's the essence of my question is, is there a way? 

这也是我的问题的本质，有什么方式吗？



巴夏：

Of course. 

当然有



问：

What that? 

是啥嘞？



巴夏：

Well again, this is why we give you the formula. 

这就是为什么我们告诉你们激情公式



问：

OK! 

好的



巴夏：

Because the formula is all inclusive

因为，激情公式，包含一切



And gives you and brings you through synchronicity as the organizing principle every single relevant experience you need in life to learn what you need to learn to be more of who you are. 

它会通过同步性的组织管理原则，将你人生中所需要的一切相关经历带给你，让你去学习你需要学习的一切，让你成为更圆满的你



It leaves nothing out. 

它什么也不会落下



It's a complete kit. 

它是一个完整的工具箱



Go to your dictionaries and look up the word complete. 

翻翻你的字典，查查“完整”这个词



It leaves nothing relevant out. 

任何相关的，都不会落下



So follow the formula. 

所以，按照激情公式去行动吧！



Again, we cannot say this enough. 

再说一遍，我们怎么说，都不够



We are not sharing these principles and these ideas with you because they are a nice philosophy, although they are 

我们和你们分享这些原则和理念，并不因为它们是很Nice的哲理，尽管它们确实Nice



But they are not just the philosophy. That's an actual description of how existence works. 

但是，它们不仅仅是哲理，它们还是“存在”如何运作的实际描述



We're literally giving you an instruction manual, 

我们真的给了你们一本实相的“操作指南”



no different than if we were to hand you an instruction manual to operate a piece of machinery. 

无异于，如果你们要操作一台机器，我们会给你一本机器“操作指南”一样



If you follow the instructions, the machine will work as advertised to your advantage. 

如果你按照说明操作，那么，机器就会如广告所言地运行，并有利于你



If you don't, the machine may work, but maybe to your disadvantage. 

但如果你不按说明操作，这机器，可能还会运行，但未必对你有益



You may injure yourself because you're not following the instructions. 

你可能伤到自己，因为，你没有按说明操作



So the formula, 

所以，激情公式，也就是：



Acting on your passion to the best you can 

在你的激情上，尽你所能地去行动



With no insistence, no assumption to the outcome 

并对结果，不执著，不预期



Opens up the kit that contains the tools 

如此，你就打开了这个工具箱，其中包含了



Driving engine. 

驱动引擎



Synchronicity is the organizing principle 

同步性的组织管理原则



The path of least resistance. 

最小阻力的道路



Path that connected to all other forms and expressions of your excitement 

连接到其他所有能表达你兴奋的形式与方式的道路



Leaves nothing out that's relevant for you 

任何与你相关的，都不会落下



The reflective mirror that reveals what is out of alignment so you can bring it back into alignment. 

反射的镜子，揭示出任何与真实的你不一致的东西，这样，你就可以把自己带回真实的自己的状态



It supports you in whatever way shape or form you need to be supported, to continue to act on your excitement 

给予你 你需要的任何形式的支持，让你可以继续在你的兴奋上行动



And then remaining in a positive state, no matter what happens 

始终保持积极状态，而不论发生什么



Because you understand it doesn't matter what happens. It only matters what you do with what happens 

因为，你明白，发生什么不重要，唯一重要的，是你如何应对所发生的事



That's the entire instruction manual. 

这是全部的操作说明



There are no more instructions. 

没有更多的说明了



The end. 

结束！



问：

谢谢！



巴夏：

Now we can go on and on and on as we have for 35 of your years

我们可以继续说啊说，就像我们这35年来所做的那样



About delineating and exploring and fleshing out and getting into the details more and more deeply, more and more clearly about each of those points in the instruction manual, 

不断地描述、探讨，不断地补充说明，对于操作指南的各个要点的细节部分，不断地、越来越深入地、越来越清晰的进行分析与讲解



But there are no more instructions. 

但是，没有更多的（行动）说明了



So everything we do is just a clarification of the instructions we've already delivered. 

所以，我们所做的一切，都只是对我们所说的“操作说明”的进一步阐述



So if you just understand that that literally is a description of the structure of existence and it is an instruction manual for how reality works 

所以，如果你理解，这些真的就是对“存在的结构”的描述，真的是“实相如何运作”的操作指南



And you use the instructions, the machine will operate as advertised to your advantage. 

并且，你按照说明操作，那么，这机器将如广告所言地运行，并有利于你



If you don't, then your swimming upstream 

如果你不这么做，那么，你就是逆流而上



You're resisting the flow 

你在抗拒（生命的）流动



You might injure yourself. 

你可能会伤到自己



You might have negative experiences that you don't prefer 

你可能会经历一些你不喜好的负面经历



Because you're not following the instruction manual you were given . 

因为，你没有按照给你的操作指南去执行



就这么简单，你明白了吗？



问：

明白！明白！谢谢您！



相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar

或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar