巴夏：信念，是什么？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-09-05 20:01



问：
What exactly is a belief?
信念，到底是什么？

巴夏：
A belief is part of the personality structure that allows you to experience physical reality as if it is solid.
信念，是人格结构的一部分，它能使你所体验到物质世界，如固体一般

It reinforces itself with emotions, thoughts, and behaviors.
它会通过情绪、思想和行为来强化自身

Because if it didn't do that, you wouldn't have an experience of physical reality as being quote, unquote, real.
因为，如果它不这么做，你就无法如“真实”一般地体验物质世界了

So you have to have a belief system as part of your personality structure in order to think of yourself as a physical being.
所以，你必须有一个信念系统，作为你人格结构的一部分，从而让你认为“你是一个物质存在体”

Otherwise you couldn't.
否则，你就不会这么觉得了

And the idea is, it's not that the idea of expansion is just about beliefs. It's about knowing yourself as well.
并且，所谓的个人意识的扩展，不仅仅指的信念，也包括“认识你自己”

Because this still happens in spirit.
因为，这一切的发生，仍然是在灵性层面

You can still expand. It's just that you don't have beliefs about it.
你还是可以扩展，只是，你对此并没有信念

You have knowings about what it is that you need to choose to be more and more and more aware of more of yourself as an expression of existence and the infinite.
而是，你知道你需要选择什么，才能让自己越来越觉察到，你是存在的一个化身，你是无限的一个表现

问：
明白！

但是，巴夏，信念，只是一种能量模式吗？我该如何看待它呢？

巴夏：
Yes it's an energy pattern.
是的，它是一种能量模式

But the way it's structured gets you to experience it as if it's a fact, as if it's solid, as if it's real.
但它的构造，让你体验到，它就像是“事实”，如实体一般，像是真的一样

More real than anything else.
比任何东西都真实

Because you have asked it to provide you with a physical experience.
因为，你要求它为你提供“物质体验”

And therefore the physical dream is just a dream.
所以说，物质世界的梦（体验），确实只是一个梦

But it doesn't seem like a dream.
但是，它让你感觉，并不像是一个梦

Because of the belief system structure you have imposed upon your consciousness in order to have this experience.
因为，你给自己意识，施加这样的信念系统结构，为的是让你能够有这样的体验

问：
那么，我所体验到的，是自己的信念吗？从物质运作层面上讲，我所体验的，到底是什么？

巴夏：
As I said, it's an energy pattern
就像我说的，它是一种能量模式

But it's a specific kind of energy pattern that allows you to continue to have the dream uninterrupted
但它是一种特殊的能量模式，让你能够持续不间断地“做梦”

So that you can simply experience physical reality uninterrupted on automatic pilots, so to speak.
这样，你就可以如“自动驾驶”一般，不间断地、便捷地体验物质世界

So you don't have to think about creating it every second.
你也不需要分分秒秒地想着“你创造你的信念”了

问：
那么，我可以把信念，看作是某种形式的“过滤器”吗？

巴夏：
It's a type of filter.
是的，它是一种“过滤器”

It's what allows you to experience the idea of physical reality as an experience, clearly and not see it as your creation.
它让你能够清楚地体验到“物质世界，是一种体验”，而不是把它看作是你的创造物

You can forget about it. You can go on automatic. And just have the physical experience.
你可以忘记它的存在，让它自动地运行，并只关注在物质世界的体验上

Instead of being constantly aware that you're creating it.
而不是不断地意识到，你在创造它

问：
好的，我明白了。

我可以同时有两个信念吗？

比如说，就像在这场直播中，能够与你对话，我感到很兴奋，但说话的时候，我又会紧张、焦虑，毕竟，有很多人看着我呢!

那现在，我身上是不是同时有两个信念在运作呢？

巴夏：
There are many beliefs at the same time
你们身上同时有很多信念

But that doesn't mean you experience them all at the same time.
但这并不意味着，你们同时体验到所有这些信念

When you have this description, you have just given us.
对于你所描述的这种情况

That is actually a single belief that contains two different kinds of qualities.
有可能是，你只有单一个信念，而这个信念，却包含两种属性

Or you are going back and forth shifting very quickly between two different states of belief system as well.
也有可能是，你在两种不同的信念系统状态下，快速地来回切换

So The idea is that you either have a single belief that has more than one quality,
所以，要么你只有一个信念，并且这个信念有两个属性

Or you're shifting back and forth very quickly between two different beliefs
要么就是，你在两个信念中，快速地来回切换

That makes it seem as if you're having two beliefs as an experience at the same time.
于是，你所体验到的，就像是你同时有两个信念

问：
是的，我同意！

Beliefs are also, they have some kind of chemical constituents in the brains
信念，也会在我们大脑中产生某种化学成分，是吧？

巴夏：
Yes, they have to, again to reinforce themselves as being real.
是的，必须的！它们必须这么做，才能不断地自我强化其真实性

So that this is why when people let go of certain beliefs, especially fear based and negative beliefs, they often cry with tears of relief
这就是为什么 当某些人放下某个信念时，尤其是那些基于恐惧的负面信念，他们通常会哭，流下如释重负的泪水

Because you have to remove the chemical constituents that were created by that belief system in your physical form
因为，你的身体，必须清除那些由你的信念系统制造出来的化学成分

So you often release them through your tears.
所以，你们通常会通过流眼泪的方式，来释放它们

问：
And then on the human level, we can see the neurological pathways with scans or photos in science.
在人类社会中，我们也可以通过科学仪器的扫描或拍照，看到神经通路的改变

I mean you can see those patterns.
我是说，我们能看见这些能量模式

巴夏：
Yes, and you can see them change as you let go of beliefs.
是的，当你放下某个信念时，你会看到它们的改变

问：
好的，我明白了，谢谢您！





相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar

或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar
