巴夏：外在影响，不影响
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-10-29 19:25


问：
I've been having trouble with my eyesight these days.
这几天，我的视力一直有问题

巴夏：
I see
我看见（我明白）

问：
Yes, indeed
是的，确实如此

And they say that it's a normal thing for somebody my age, but I would prefer that I would
很多人都说，在我这年纪，眼睛老花很正常，但是，我更希望我能……

巴夏：
Well,it may be a normal thing, but it's not a natural
这可能是常见情况，但不是自然的状况

问：
Right! That's what I'm saying.
对的，这正是我想说的

I would prefer that my near vision be as clear as it used to be.
我希望，我的近距视力能像以前一样清晰

巴夏：
While you have that preference and you can give it up to your higher self, which will know how to bring synchronicity into your life, to allow that to change if it needs to
你可以有那样的希望（喜好），并且把你的希望，交托给你的高我，它知道如何同步地 把你的希望，带到你生活中，让你的眼睛发生改变（如果你真的需要的话）

At the same time and do not allow this to be defined as a negative experience.
但同时，你不要把它定义成负面的体验

Remember, there may be purpose to certain limitations
请记住：某些限制，可能是有目的的

Not all limitations are negative just because they're limitations.
不是所有的限制，仅仅因为是限制，就意味着它们是负面的

Many people on your planet will give themselves, in a sense, a blurring of outer sight, so they can actually focus on their inner vision.
你们星球上的很多人，会通过让自己看不清外面的世界，从而让自己可以聚焦在自己内在视力（世界）上

Now you don't have to do it that way.
当然，你可以不需要这么做

But the fact that you may be doing it that way can be a temporary thing.
但事实上，你这样做，可能只是暂时的

And if you relax about the fact that you may be doing it that way, you actually may allow it to pass more quickly if it's going to.
如果你能放轻松，认识到自己只是暂时这样，那么，你可能反而让它更快地过去（如它会过去的话）

问：
好，说得好！

巴夏：
But first and foremost, the most important thing, as we have said, is you must accept what is
但首先，最重要的是，正如我们所说的，你必须接受现状

For if you do not own what you are, you cannot change it.
因为，如果你不“拥有”现状，你就无法改变它

So it must already be a purposeful thing.
所以，它的发生，肯定是有目的的

There must be a positive reason for whatever is happening.
无论发生什么，必定有某个正面理由

You must give it a positive reason if you wish to have a positive effect from it.
如果你希望它能产生正面的影响，那么，你就必须给它一个正面的理由

Remember, please, all of you remember
请记住，请大家记住：

The greatest gift, we know this is going to sound a little bit strange in your language. But give us a moment to explain.
我们知道，这些话，在你们听来，有点奇怪，但是，请让我们稍作解释

The greatest gift creation has given all of you, is that life is fundamentally meaningless.
最棒的礼物，造物主给你们所有人最棒的礼物，就是：生命，从根本上讲，是没有意义的

There is no built in meaning to anything in life.
生活中任何事物，都没有固定的意义

Every circumstance and every situation has no built in meaning
每一种情况，每一种境遇，都不含任何固有的意义

They are devoid of meaning. They are empty, neutral props.
它们都毫无意义。它们是空虚的、中性的道具

The gift you have been given is the power to give meaning to things
造物主给予你的礼物（天赋），是赋予事物意义的能力

And the meaning you, yes you, little you
而你，这个小小的你

The meaning you give to something utterly, absolutely and completely determines the effect you get out of it in life.
你对某事物所赋予事物的意义，完全、绝对、彻底地决定了你从它那里所受到的影响

every situation, can serve, double duty
每一种境遇，都能起到双重作用

They are neutral.
它们是中性的

So every situation, no matter how it looks, can have a positive or a negative effect in your life.
所以，每一种境况，不管它看起来如何，都可能对你的生活，产生正面或负面的影响

If you give it a positive meaning, you can only extract a positive effect.
如果你赋予它正面的意义，你只能从中获取正面的影响

If you give it a negative meaning, you can only extract a negative effect.
如果你赋予它负面的意义，你也只能从中获取负面的影响

The circumstance doesn't care how you label it
（外在的）境况，不在乎你怎么给它贴标签

It will always reflect like a mirror, whatever meaning you give it.
它只会像镜子一样，如实地反映出你所赋予它的意义

The effect in your life tells you what meaning you're giving things.
你生活所受到的影响，会告诉你 你赋予的这些事物的意义

So label them in a positive way, knowing that they can serve you in a positive way
所以，给它们贴上正面的标签，知道它们能够带给你正面的助益

Because they have no meaning of their own.
因为，它们本身并没有意义

And you will always get the effect out of it based on the meaning you put into it.
然后，根据你赋予它们的意义，你将从中受到对应的影响

The idea being that everything is fundamentally neutral gives you great freedom, great power to determine whatever affects something will have in your life.
一切事物，本质上都是中性的，这个理念，能带给你庞大的自由，强劲的力量，让你可以决定：某个事物，对你的生活，会带来什么样的影响

So pay attention, be aware of the meaning that you're giving things
所以，要注意、要觉察自己对事物赋予的意义

Because very often you are giving meaning unconsciously and don't understand why a certain effect is happening in that situation.
因为，很多时候，你无意识地赋予了某些意义，导致你也不清楚，为什么在某些情况下，总是会产生某些影响

Examine what meaning you're giving it.
请检视你赋予它的意义

And that's why, again, we say, 
这就是为什么我们一而再地提醒你们问自己：

“What would I have to believe is true in my relationship to this circumstance, in order to feel the way I'm feeling, in order to get the experience I'm getting,
在与这个境遇的关系中，我到底相信什么是真实的，才会让我产生这样的感受，才会让我经历这样的事情？

What would I have to believe is true.
我到底相信什么是真实、正确的？

What kind of meaning am I giving this thing?
我对这事件，赋予了什么样的意义？”

This is why we say: Circumstances do not matter. Only state of being matters.
这就是为什么我们说：境况，不重要，只有你存在的状态，才重要的

Circumstances do not matter.
境况，不重要（不产生物质）

They have no meaning of their own.
它们本身，没有任何意义

Only your state of being matters
只有你的存在状态，才是重要的（才产生物质）

And the being you are, the state of being you are in utterly determines the meaning you give to a neutral circumstance, which utterly determines the effect physically you get from that situation
而你所“是”的，你所处的状态，完全决定了你所赋予的这个中性的境况的意义。而这个意义，也完全决定了你从这个境况中获得的物理效果（影响）

Because they are nothing but shadows.
因为，它们啥也不是，影子而已

They have no substance.
它们没有任何实质性的东西

You give them substance,
你“塞”给了它们东西

You subsidize them by giving them meaning. 
而你塞的东西，就是你赋予它们的意义

That's how you make them dimensional.
这就是你如何将其“多维化”

That's how you manifest.
也是你如何将其“显化”

That's how you will manifest as well.
亦是你如何将其“物化”

这样解释，能明白吗？

问：
明白，谢谢您！
