巴夏：注意你的感受
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-07-05 21:21

巴夏：
Pay attention to your emotions
注意你的情绪

Pay attention to your thoughts
注意你的想法

Pay attention to your behaviors,
注意你的行为

Because your behaviors, your thoughts, and your emotions are always the result of something you believe to be true.
因为你的行为、想法和情绪，都是你的某些信以为真的信念所产生的结果

So when you engage in any kind of action whatsoever
所以，当你有某种行为，不论是什么样的

Pay attention to what you're truly feeling.
请注意你的真实感受

If you're honest with yourself, and it is truly being done out of integrity, out of alignment with your true self,
如果你能诚实地面对自己，承认自己的行为，并非出于真心，且与真实的自己偏离

then you will know that your feeling is not excitement, but anxiety.
那么，你就会知道，你感受到的不是兴奋，而是焦虑

When it's anxiety and you're doing it out of anxiety or to fill the idea of an emptiness within you,
而当你知道自己焦虑，你的行为，也是出于焦虑，或是为了填补内心的空虚

Then you're doing it for a negative reason.
那么，你就知道，自己这么做，是由于某个负面的原因

Find out what the negative belief is that would generate those feelings and change it and let go of it.
请找出让你生起这些感受的负面信念，并改变它们，放下它们

And then you will find that you don't have those intentions, you don't have those feelings.
然后，你会发现自己不再有这些意图，不再有这些感受

You will be now acting on things only in a positive and an aligned way.
并且，你的行为，将会积极正面，并与真实的自己一致

It's that simple.
就这么简单！

You just have to have the willingness to explore yourself honestly
你只需要有足够的意愿，愿意诚实地探索自己

So that you can truly admit and own and acknowledge when you do have a negative idea, a negative feeling
这样的话，当你有某种负面想法、感受的时候，你就能真正地承认它、拥有它、认可它

And not gloss it over and cover it up and pretend that it's not there
而不是粉饰它，掩盖它，假装它不存在

There is nothing to fear about facing those things.
面对这些东西，你根本就没什么好害怕的

You will only discover more of yourself in the exploration.
在探索它们的过程中，你只会中发现更多的自我

The unknown only contains more of yourself.
在未知中，只会包含更多的你自己

That's all it can contain.
它所涵盖的一切，皆是你

So There is no reason to fear exploring the unknown 
所以，在探索未知中，你没理由害怕

or exploring a negative belief that you might have as to why you have it,
在探索某个你可能有的，或为什么有的负面信念时，你也没必要害怕

Exploring it, and discovering it, and having a conscious realization that you have it 
探索它，发现它，并有意识地认识到自己有这个负面信念

is what frees you to change it.
这会让你自由，进而改变它

If you push it down and push it away or ignore it or bury it
如果你压抑它，或推开它，或忽视它，或将其掩埋

Then it will only come back stronger next time. It will be even more difficult to deal with.
那么，在它下次到来时，只会变得更“猛烈”，也会变得更加难以处理

So it is The path of least resistance as soon as you feel anything out of alignment to deal with it and find out why it's there.
所以，最小阻力的道路就是：一旦你感觉到什么东西不一致（失衡）了，就去处理它，找出它出现的原因

It will always come down to something that you have been taught to believe is true over something else.
而其根本原因，都来自于你们因被教导而信以为真的信念，而非其他东西


