巴夏：解开你对接受的限制
2025.5.8
问：

How do we release deep-seated fears and subconscious blocks around receiving?

对于接受，我们如何释放深藏内心的恐惧，以及潜意识中对它的阻碍呢？



巴夏：

First of all, you have to understand that receiving from others is also giving them the gift of sharing.

首先，你需要明白：接受他人的给予，也是在成全他们分享的心愿，这本身就是一份礼物。



You allow them to give to you, you receive and therefore you have given them the gift of feeling what it feels like to share and to give to others which is a very fulfilling feeling.

你允许他们给予你，你也接受了，因此，你让他们得以体验分享和给予的喜悦，这是你回馈给他们的礼物，这份体验，本身就是一种莫大的满足。



So, you can't be selfish in the idea of not receiving.

所以，不接受，并不意味着你“不自私”。



Many of you think that not receiving is something that is the opposite of selfishness, but it's actually selfishness because you are not allowing them to give to you.

你们很多人以为，不接受就是不自私的表现，但实际上，这恰恰是自私。因为你没有让他人有机会给予你。



Do you follow?

你明白了吗？



So the idea is again to look deeply within yourself, as we already said to find out why you believe what you believe why you're holding on to something negative that is fear-based, not allowing you to move forward to be your true self

所以，正如我们之前所说的，要深入检视你的内在，找出你为什么相信你所相信的？为什么你会紧抓着基于恐惧的负面信念不放？为什么不让自己前进，成为真实的自己？



Because you have a belief that something worse will happen.

因为你相信：如果这么做，会发生更糟的事。



You have to understand the motivational mechanism within your psychology.

你必须了解驱动你行为背后的心理机制。



You have to understand that beliefs have to perpetuate themselves positive, neutral, negative.

你需要明白：信念必须让自己延续下去，无论是正面的、中性的，还是负面的信念。



They have to perpetuate themselves because physical reality isn't really real.

它们必须让自己延续下去，因为，物质现实并非真正“真实”。



And without beliefs perpetuating themselves to make you believe that it's real, you would not experience physical reality.

若没有信念的自我延续，让你相信它是真实的，你将无法体验到物质现实。



So, you don't have a problem with positive beliefs reinforcing themselves because you enjoy those.

而对于正面信念的自我强化，你并没有觉得有什么问题，因为你乐在其中。



The negative beliefs, however, have to use the tools of negativity to reinforce themselves because that's just the way they're designed energetically.

但是，负面信念，必须借助负面工具来强化自身，因为，在能量上，它们就是这样设计的。



So, the idea is that in order for you to not let a negative belief go, in order for it to perpetuate itself, it has to convince you to not give it up.

所以，关键在于，为了让你不放开一个负面信念，为了让它能延续下去，就必须说服你不要“抛弃它”。



It convinces you using scare tactics.

它用恐吓的手段，来说服你。



If you let me go, something worse will happen.

“如果你放开我，会有更糟的事情发生。”



If you follow your dreams, you will be destitute, you will fail, you will lose your friends.

“如果你追随你的梦想，你会一贫如洗，你会失败，你会失去你的朋友。”



These are just stories the negative belief uses so you won't let it go.

这些不过是负面信念编织的故事，好让你不要放开它。



It doesn't mean that any of those things it's saying are actually a fact or will actually come to pass.

这并不意味着，它所说的任何事情都是事实，或者，真的会发生。



But if it can convince you that they are true, then you will do everything in your power to avoid being yourself, because it's just too scary, because you've bought into the story the negative belief is telling you.

但如果它能让你相信这些是真的，那么，你就会竭尽全力地避免做真实的自己，因为，这太可怕了，因为你已经相信了负面信念告诉你的故事。



But if you understand that that's how beliefs work, and you hear that fear coming up, you can then recognize,

但是，如果你明白信念就是这样运作的，那么，当你察觉到那恐惧浮现时，你就会识别出来：



oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. It doesn't mean that just because I'm afraid of moving forward that something bad is actually going to happen, that's the story I'm getting from the negative belief, so I won't let it go.

“哦，等等，等等。我害怕前行，并不意味着真的会有坏事发生。那只是负面信念说给我听的故事，好让我不要放开它。”



All right, I now understand how that works.

“好的，我现在明白这是怎么回事了。”  



Thank you, negative belief for bringing me to this point and allowing me to explore and examine you and letting me know you're there.

“谢谢你，负面信念，因为你带我走到了这一步，让我能够探索和检视你，并让我知道你的存在。”



I understand you're just telling me a story. I understand that I can replace that story with one I prefer, and it will be just as real!

“我明白，你只是在给我讲一个故事。我知道，我可以用一个我更喜欢的故事来替代它。而它，也是同样真实的故事！”



Because why not?

因为，为什么不能呢？



Why not?

为何不可呢？



There is nothing in all of creation that will contradict you

在整个造物中，没有任何事物会反驳你



if you say, I prefer to know this is real as opposed to that.

如果你说：我宁愿相信这是真实的，而不是那个。



Nothing will contradict you.

没有什么会反驳你。



You have free will.

你拥有自由意志。



You have the greatest power to choose.

你拥有“选择”的最伟大力量。



Choose what you prefer.

选择你所喜好的吧！



It is just as real as anything you have ever believed before.

它与你曾经相信的任何事物，同样真实。



Anything.

任何事物。



Nothing contradicts you.

没有什么，会反驳你。



If there is such a thing as your society has created that you call God's will, God's will is your will.

如果存在着你们社会所创造的、你们称之为“神的旨意”的东西，那么，神的意愿，就是你的意愿。



It's what you will decide is true for you. Because that's what God is, is all of us deciding who we are, choosing who we are. 

你所决定的，对你来说，就是真实的。因为，那就是“神”的本质，也就是，我们所有人决定自己是谁，选择自己是谁。



That's how all that is, God, goddess

这就是神、女神、或一切所是



whatever you wish to call it, it doesn't care.

无论你想怎么称呼它，它都不在乎。



Because all the names are true because you cannot name anything but it

因为，所有的称呼，都是真实的，因为你所称呼的一切，皆是它。



because there's nothing outside of it.

因为，没有什么事物，在于它之外。



Nothing exists but it.

除了它，没有别的存在。



Everything is made from it.

一切皆是它的化现。



So who cares what you call it? 

所以，谁在乎你怎么称呼它呢？



It doesn't care.

它不在乎。



Because every name you could ever come up with is one of its names.

因为，你能想到的每一个名字，都是它的名字之一。



Because anything you can ever think of is one of its creations.

因为，你能想到的任何事物，都是它的造物之一。



So, you get to decide for yourself as an aspect, as a reflection of all that is, what is true for you, who you really are.

所以，作为“一切存在”的一个面向，一个反射，你可以自己决定：对你而言，何为真实，你究竟是谁。



So if you want to start understanding that a positive belief is just as real as a negative one

所以，如果你开始明白：正面信念和负面信念，同样真实。



the universe says, okay, I'll support you in that. I'll back you in that.

宇宙会说：“好，我支持你。我会挺你。”



If you want to say this negative fear-based belief is more real, the universe says, okay, I'll support you in that. I'll back you in that.

如果你说：这个基于恐惧的负面信念更真实。宇宙会说：“好，我支持你。我会挺你。”



Because it's,

因为它是……



What's the word?

怎么说来着？



Unconditional.

无条件的。



Look it up in your dictionary.

去查查你的字典吧。



No condition, no judgment, unconditional love, unconditional support.

没有条件，没有评判，无条件的爱，无条件的支持。



What you call unconditional love is your physical translation of the vibration, the frequency of existence itself.

你们所谓的无条件的爱，是你们在物质层面对存在本身的振动与频率的表达。



So you get to decide.

所以，由你来决定。



This is what's true for me.

“这对我来说是真实的。” 



You get to change your mind later if you wish.

如果你愿意，之后你也可以改变想法。



There is nothing to contradict you.

没有任何事物会反驳你。



You have the complete freedom to choose.

你拥有完全的选择的自由。



That's your power.

这是你的力量。



So choose.

所以，选择吧！



