巴夏：凡事喜乐，不论如何
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2021-02-04 12:12


问：

I became spiritually awaking in December 2006 and I've been on the journey for a while now. 

2006年12月，我灵性觉醒了。在灵性旅途上，我走了有一段时间



But I also like ... I'm at this space or place that I really want to be or growth 

但我对自己目前的状况，或者自己的成长，似乎并不满意



巴夏：

Oh! An expectation and assumption and insistence 

哇呜！你既臆想，又期待，而且还执着



I'm not where I want to be 

（你认为）“这不是我想要的地方”



May I share with you our definition of abundance, if you haven't heard it? 

我可以和你分享一下我们对“富足”的定义吗？如果你没听过的话



问：

Sure! Thank you, yes! 

当然可以，谢谢！



巴夏：

The ability, the ability to do what you need to do when you need to do it. 

富足，是一种能力，是你在你需要做“你需要做的事情”的时候，你就能做到的能力



Notice I didn't say want. 

你注意到，我没说“想要”吧



Want can sometimes align with what you truly need. 

你“想要的”，有时候可能和你真正“需要的”相一致



But very often in your society because of belief systems you hold onto that you may be aware of 

但是，在你们的社会体系中，由于一些你们紧抓不放，却又意识不到的信念系统的影响



Wants may often have nothing to do with what you actually need. 

很多时候，你们想要的，和你们真正需要的，根本就不相关



They can turn into insistence 

你们想要的，就成了你们的执着



If I don't experience this, something has gone wrong 

“如果我没有经历XX，或者拥有，那么，哪里出错了”



That's a definition. 

这只是一个的定义



It's not a fact 

而不是事实



It's a belief. 

这是一个信念



It's an opinion. 

这是一种看法



It's a perspective. 

这是一个视角



Why would you assume that where you are now is not perfectly where you need to be? 

为什么你认为，你现在所在的地方，不是恰好你需要在的地方呢？



Why would you assume that you needed to see something happen specifically in order for you to know that you are exactly perfectly where you need to be? 

为什么你认为，你需要看到某个特定的事情的发生，你才能确定，你恰好完美的处于你需要“在”的地方呢？



Why are you making your state of being conditional on what happens in an illusionary reality? 

为什么你让虚幻世界里发生的事，来决定你的状态呢？



Where did you think you were supposed to be at this point? 

你原先设想自己现在应该在哪里呢？



How did you picture it? 

你之前想象的画面，是什么样？



What did you envision? 

你预想的内容是什么？



问：

I envision that I was supposed to be like healthier in my health and in my finances 

我之前想象自己现在应该身体更健康，财务更良好



I know that they're external factors 

我知道，它们是外在因素



巴夏：

But they're also limited definitions. 

但是，它们也是限制性的定义



Because you're saying finances. 

因为，你说到“财务”



Is that the only form of abundance you're allowing your life to be real? 

难道你认定，只有金钱才是你生命中唯一的富足形式吗？



问：

Oh, no! I don't believe that at all. I just think that's a... 

噢，不！我并不这么认为，我只是觉得……



巴夏：

Then why did you say it? 

那你为什么这么说呢？



问：

Because I haven't... 

因为，我还没……



From the teaching that I had received previously meeting you right now I was taught metaphysically that as I change my belief system and how I value and see myself that I am supposed to be manifesting those passions and desires 

在我还没认识你之前，我学到的形而上学（灵性）知识是：当我改变我的信念系统，重新认识自己，重视自己的价值，那么，我就应该会显化出这些激情与渴望



巴夏：

And when you didn't see them the way you thought, what kind of state did you go into? 

那当你看到，事情并没按照你原本想的那样发展时，你进入了什么样的状态呢？



问：

I went into... I feel like it's more like a slight disappointment, but I know not to go... 

我变得……我感觉，有一点点失望，但我知道，不要进入“失望”状态



巴夏：

Stay there! Stay there! 

打住！就停在这里！



Be honest! 

诚实一点！



问：

OK! 

好！



巴夏：

I know not to go there, but I went there any way! 

（巴夏玩笑话）我知道不要去那里（失望），但我还是去了！



And what is that mean that was your reaction to what you thought should be happening that wasn't? 

在你看到你认为应该发生的事情，没发生时，你的反应，说明什么呢？



It means you haven't changed. 

这说明，你还没改变！



So why should your reality? 

那你的世界，怎么会有改变呢？



You see, you test yourselves. 

你知道不，你是在测试自己



You go 

你说：


Am I going to base what's going on in my life on what happens outside? 

我要把我生命中发生的事情，建立在外面发生的事情上吗？

If I don't see what I thought I was supposed to see, I'm not going to stay in a positive state, I'm going to be disappointed, I'm going to Dis-Appoint myself from my seat of power? 

如果我没看到我认为应该看到的情况，那么，我就不再保持积极正面的状态了，我就变得失望Disappoint，我就不委任Dis-Appoint自己“权利的位置”吗？


You haven't changed! 

（如果这样）说明你还没改变！



So why should your reality? 

那你的世界，为什么会有改变呢？



It doesn't matter what happens. 

发生什么，不重要



It only matters what you do with what happens. 

唯一重要的是，你对发生的事，做了什么



That's the lesson here. 

这是你需要学的功课



Not that you're supposed to see your reality change the idea is to be the state you prefer to be, even if your reality stays the same. 

不是说，你应该看到你的世界发生改变，而是说，即使你的世界保持不变，你仍然处在自己喜好的状态



Because if you can’t be the state that you prefer to be in, even if your reality doesn't change, you haven't changed 

因为，如果你没有保持在你所喜好的状态，即使你的世界没有改变，那么，你就还没改变



Is this making some sense? 

这些话，你能理解吗？



问：

Yes! 

理解！



巴夏：

You see, this is kind of... 

这有点像是……



And I do not mean in any way shape or form, any offense at this. 

我先声明，我没有任何冒犯之意



Please don't take it that way. 

你不要误解了哈



问：

OK! 

好！



巴夏：

Some of you know just enough metaphysics to be dangerous! 

你们有些人，对形而上（灵性）的了解，不多不少，刚刚好让你们“有危险”



You learn a certain amount of these principles, and you apply them but not necessarily as fully or in the precise way that it actually needs to be applied 

这些原则，你们学习了一定量，并加以应用，但你们学得不够全，或用得不够准



You think it's supposed to get you this, when in fact it might be absolutely the opposite thing that you really need to experience 

你认为，你用了就应该让你得到XX，而事实上，你真正需要经历的，可能与你所想要的恰恰相反



The idea is to not base your state on what's going on or not going on outside in the reflected reality 

所以，不要把你的状态，建立在外在反射的世界中发生了或者没发生什么事



And if you keep find yourself being disappointed when something doesn't happen the way you thought it ought to by now, you haven't changed 

当事情没按照你预想那样发生时，你发现，自己总是变得失望、失落，那说明，你还没有改变



You're just proving over and over again that there is no reason for your reality to change 

你也一而再，再而三地证明，你的世界，没理由改变



because you haven't. 

因为，你还没改变



Is this making some sense? 

你能理解吗？



问（哭）：

Yes! 

理解！



巴夏：

That's all right. 

没关系的！



Let it out. 

哭出来吧！



Remember, 

请记住，



This is good! 

哭，是好事



This emotional response is positive. 

你的情绪反应，是积极正面的



Why? 

为什么呢？



Because when you hold onto negative beliefs you have to create a chemical component in your body to match the belief on a physical level 

因为，当你坚信某个负面信念时，那么在物质层面上，你的身体就会生成某种化学成分，与这个信念对应



When you're finally letting go of limiting negative beliefs, you have to wash those chemical constituents out of your body. 

当你最终释放掉这个限制性负面信念时，你就必须把这些化学成分，从你身体中冲刷出来



How do you do it? 

你是怎么做的呢？



Tears! 

通过眼泪



They're tears of relief, tears of release, tears of joy 

这些眼泪，是解脱的眼泪，释放的眼泪，喜悦的眼泪



So it's good to have this response of your tears 

所以，你的流泪反应，是好事



Because your washing the negative chemicals out of your body that were representative of the beliefs you were holding onto that now you're beginning to let go of 

因为你开始放下之前坚信的负面信念，而象征这些信念的负面化学成分，就是通过你的眼泪被冲洗出体外



Because now you have a deeper understanding of how this actually works. 

因为你对这一切是如何运作的，已经有了更深入的理解



It's all right to go through life... 

事事未必随心意，内心依然很乐意



It's all right to go through life being happy even if what you assume would happen hasn't happened. 

事情即使不如你所愿那样发生，你依旧怡然自乐，这未尝不可？



It's all right to choose to be happy no matter what. 

凡事喜乐，行不？甚好！



It's OK! 

可以没心没肺地开心



It's OK as a choice. 

这个选择，是OK的！



Yes? 

是不是这样呢？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



巴夏：

Yes, it is! 

真实不虚！