巴夏：人生就是不断地更新自己
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-06-05


问：

I'm a emotional person. I feel a lot of emotions. 

我是一个很情绪化的人，我感受到很多情绪。



巴夏：

I understand. But what you feel is still based on what you believe. 

我理解你。但你所感受到的，仍然是基于你的信念（所相信的）



问：

Can I use my emotion to guide me into the excitement of my heart? 

我能否利用情绪，通过它的引导，找到我内心的兴奋呢？



巴夏：

As I said, the way you do that, the path you take is to use the emotion to ask the question 

正如我所说的，你利用情绪的方式与方法，就是问自己这个问题：



What would I have to believe is true about myself in this circumstance in order to have this feeling 

“关于我自己，我到底相信了什么是真实的、正确的，才会让我在这种情况下，产生这样的感觉呢？”



Emotions cannot exist on their own. Not in a vacuum. 

情绪，无法单独存在，它不存在于真空之中



There is no such thing as a feeling until you believe something to be true. 

只有你相信了什么是真实、正确的，你才会产生感觉，否则你就不会有任何感觉



So the way to transition it and refocus the energy of the emotion is to transition and refocus the idea of the belief 

所以，转化情绪并重新聚焦“情绪能量”的方式，就是转变和重新聚集你的“信念”



When you change the belief that generating the emotion, you automatically change the emotional energy. 

当你改变了产生情绪的信念，那么，自动地，你就改变了情绪的能量



Now, yes, sometimes people can simply instantly redirect the emotional energy to another task, 

确实，有时候，有些人可以瞬间将情绪的能量转移到另一事物上



But if you're not dealing with the origin belief that created the emotion to begin with. It could come back 

但是，如果你所处理的，不是最初产生情绪的源头信念，那么，情绪就会“卷土重来”



问：

Yes, I've seen that it does... 

是的，我有过切身体会



巴夏：

Well, then you have to find out what the belief is. And pay attention to what it's saying to you 

那么，你就需要找到这个信念，注意听它对你说的话



And let it go when it no longer makes sense 

当你明白它的话毫无道理时，就放下这个信念



Until you actually let go of the belief, you will always generate one way or another at some time or another the same emotion that goes hand-in-hand with the belief 

如果你还没有真正地释放掉这个信念，那么，与之如影随形的同样的情绪，就会时不时地，通过某种方式，再次涌上你的心头



Because remember 

因为，请记住：



the belief is using the emotion to reinforce the validity of its reality, 

信念，会通过情绪，强化其存在的正当合理性



But it's nothing but a belief 

但是，它什么也不是，一个信念而已



It's not a fact. It's just a belief system

它并非事实，就只是一个信念系统



But it's going to use the emotion to make itself seem more real, more factual, more solid. 

但它会利用你的情绪，使得自己让人感觉更“真实不虚、确切无误”



So yes, well, you might be temporarily capable of diverting the energy to a different task 

虽然，你可以暂时把情绪的能量转移到另一事物上



Until you actually find out what the belief is that generating it, 

但是，如果你没有真正找到产生这个情绪的信念



Then you are open to the idea of the emotion returning 

那么，该情绪仍然可能“死灰复燃”



Because the belief hasn't gone away 

因为，产生它的信念，并未消失



图片

问：

Great! Because I align with that. 

解答的太好了！因为我就“卡”在信念上



So then a lot of my journey, and I imagine that peoples' journey is updating belief constantly. 

我是否可以认为，我们人生的大部分旅途，就是要不断地更新我们的信念？



巴夏：

Absolutely. That's what this is all about. 

正是如此！这就是人生之旅的目的



Finding out what beliefs you been fed as you grew up that simply have nothing to do with you 

在你的成长过程中，你被“喂养”了一些信念，它们与真实的你无关



And dropping that baggage 

你需要找到它们，并放下这些“包袱”



Because it doesn't belong to you. 

因为，它们并不属于你



It probably came from your parents, your society, your school, your friends, what have you 

它可能来自你的父母、社会、学校、朋友……等等……



But the idea is you're learning in this transformational age to streamline yourself 

所以，在这个转变时期，你需要学习不断地简化自己



And strip yourself down to those belief systems that are actually about you 

不断地剥离那些（旧有的）信念系统，直到只剩下那些属于真实的你的信念



And not about other people that you happen to be dragging along with you 

不再背负那些“恰巧”被你带上的属于其他人的信念



问：

OK! I got that. That's great. Thank you, Bashar! 

好的！我明白了！太棒了！谢谢您，巴夏！