巴夏：你为什么孤单？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-03-24


问：

Hello, Bashar! 

巴夏， 你好！



巴夏：

And to you good day! 

你好！



问：

From the morning I'm getting a strong feeling that you may have a message for me. 

从早上开始，我就有种强烈的感觉，感觉你可能要给我带个消息



If you have anything from my higher self or higher mind, can you? 

如果有什么话 是我的高我想跟我说的，你能否……



巴夏：

I'm going to ask you the same question I've been asking, because that's what the higher mind would ask 

对于这个问题，一直以来 我都会先问你们同样一个问题，因为这也是你的高我会问的问题



You do understand that the sensation you call excitement, that's actually your body's translation of a message from the higher mind, saying 

你也知道，兴奋这种感觉，其实就是你的身体在翻译高我发来的消息，说：



Do this first 

“先做这个”



Do this now 

“现在就做这个”



Do you understand that? 

这你明白的，是吧？



问：

Yeah! I do. 

嗯！明白！



巴夏：

Are you acting on your excitement to the best of your ability with no insistence on a particular outcome every moment that you can 

每一刻，你都在你兴奋上，尽你最大能力地去行动，并且对某个特定的结果 没有丝毫执着吗？



问：

I'm not 

我没有……



巴夏：

Why? 

为什么呢？



问：

I don't know why. 

我不知道为什么



巴夏：

Yes, you do. 

你知道的！



What are you afraid of? What you afraid will happen if you do? 

你在害怕什么？如果你这么做了，你害怕会发生什么事？



问：

I think I just feel may be lonely, or just by myself 

我想我可能变得 孑然一身，孤家寡人



巴夏：

Lonely? 

孤独寂寞哈？（单身狗哈）



问：

Yeah! 

是滴!



巴夏：

So you're not acting on your highest excitement which could attract all sorts of people to interact with you in exciting ways 

所以，你没在你最高兴奋上去行动，而这反而会吸引来 各种各样的人，与你激情互动



Because you're lonely 

仅仅因为 你觉得你会变得孤独寂寞



问：

Yeah! I don't know what the fear is, I'm just thinking maybe 

是的！我不知道我在怕什么，可能怕的就是这个



巴夏：

Yes, you do! You're just not digging deep enough. 

不！你知道你怕什么，你只是挖得不够深



You have to make it conscious. You can't be afraid to find out what your fear is 

你要有意识地觉察到它！你要找到你的恐惧，你就不能恐惧！



Otherwise you're stopping yourself, you're blocking yourself, you're isolating yourself 

否则，你就在阻拦你自己；你就是在阻碍你自己；你就是在孤立你自己



And that's why you're experiencing loneliness 

这就是为什你会体验到 孤独寂寞



Because you're afraid of what will happen if you actually become who you really know you are 

因为你害怕 你成为真正的自己后 会发生的事（于是你就不做自己）



What do you imagine is the most terrifying thing that might happen if you acted on your excitement to the degree that you would like to 

如果你以自己的意愿，在你的兴奋上去行动，那你想象中 可能发生的最可怕的事，会是什么？



问：

I'm not really clear on that either 

这个我也不清楚



巴夏：

Is there something that you're not doing you would rather be doing 

有什么事情，你想做而没做的？



Anything at all. 

任何事都可以！



问：

I should be writing and should be. 

我应该去写作，我应该去……



巴夏：

Don't say should, that's a self judgment 

别说“应该”，这是在自我评判！



Is there something that you would really prefer to be doing that you're not doing 

有没什么事情，你真的想去做，而现在还没做的？



Writing would be exciting 

写作，对你来说是兴奋的？



问：

Writing, yes! 

写作，是的！



巴夏：

And what else? 

还有没其他呢？



问：

And using my voice. 

利用我的声音



巴夏：

How? 

如何利用？



What would be one of the most exciting ways you can use your voice? 

你利用你声音的最兴奋的方式之一，会是什么？



问：

Being a spiritual teacher, making people understand what their highest excitement is 

成为一个灵性导师，“使”人们明白 他们的最高兴奋是什么



巴夏：

You mean helping people to understand. 

你是说“帮助”他们明白，是吧？



问：

Yes! 

是的!



巴夏：

All right, now let's go back to the writing 

好！我们现在回到写作



So you're saying you're not writing in the way that you would like to be 

你说你现在 并不是以你想要的方式来写作，是吧？



问：

No! 

是的!（英语的诡异之处）



巴夏：

Why not? 

为什么不呢？



If you know that that's one of your expressions of excitement, 

如果你知道 写作是你兴奋的表达方式之一



What excuses or reasons are you giving yourself that make it seem logical to not do what you say would be exciting? 

那你给自己什么借口，或是理由，使得你 不去做你兴奋的事，变得 符合你的逻辑？



Why isn't that exciting enough for you to be doing it? 

为什么写作没法让你足够兴奋，使得你 不那么想做呢？



问：

I'm just looking at, you know, day to day, hour to hour things that that's need to be done, and that small thing needs to be done. 

我把注意力放在日常事件上，这个大事需要做，那个小事需要处理



巴夏：

Then you don't understand how excitement works. You don't understand the kit, the toolkit 

那说明：你不明白“兴奋”是怎么运作的，你不懂得如何使用这个“兴奋工具箱”



The toolkit of excitement when you start acting on the formula 

当你开始依据“兴奋公式”去行动



And again please understand, this is just a description of a mechanism. 

请先明白，我说的只是对 兴奋的运作机制 的描述



It works flawlessly. It's working right now 

它完美地运作着；每时每刻 不停地运作着



It's just that you're using the mechanism to produce things you don't prefer, instead of using it to produce things that you do prefer, 

只是你用这个机制，创造出你不想要的东西，而不是用它来 创造你想要的东西



But the mechanism is flawless, it always works. 

但这机制，始终完美无瑕地运作中



If you act to the best of your ability on anything that contains more excitement than any other option, take it as far as you can until you can take it no further 

如果有件事情比其他选项 多一点的兴奋，那你就在这事情上，尽你最大能力地去行动，直到你无法再前进一步



And do that action with absolutely no insistence on a particular outcome, 

并且，做的过程中，没有某个特定结果 有丝毫执着



You activate the complete kit of excitement 

这样你就激活了这个“兴奋工具箱”



And the tools in that kit are, 

这个工具箱，包含以下工具：



It becomes the thing that supports you in all the ways you need to be supported, 

它将提供你 在这一路上 所需的一切



It becomes the driving engine that moves you through life in the most accelerated way 

它将变成你的动力引擎，以最快的速度 带动你人生前进



It becomes the organizing principle of of synchronicity that shows you exactly what you need to do in what order and when 

它将变成同步性组织管理原则，清楚地告诉你:在什么时候，做什么事，以及做的顺序



And what you don't have time to do with the end of any given day, didn't need to be done. 

如果在某一天，有某件事 你实在没时间做，那说明在那天，这件事根本不需要做



It is also the path of least resistance, that allows you to flow through your life most effortlessly, 

同样，这也是一条“最小阻力的路”，让你可以轻松不费力地 顺流在人生大河上



It is the path that connects to all other expressions of excitement no matter what form that may come in. 

它也能连接到其他 所有兴奋表达方式，不论到来的方式为何



It is also the reflective mirror that reveals to you anything within you as the definition that may be out of alignment with your excitement 

它也是一面反射镜，显示出你内心可能与你兴奋不匹配的定义（映射出阻碍你兴奋的负面信念）



So you can examine it, make a conscious, let it go, and add that energy to your excitement. So you can continue to expand, 

这样你就可以检视它，觉察到它，释放它，并将它的能量融入到你的兴奋中，这样，你就可以继续不断地扩展



And it leaves nothing relevant out. 

与你相关的一切事物，一个都不会落下



It's a complete kit. 

它是一个 完整/圆满 的工具箱（能让一切 完整/圆满 的工具箱）



Self-contained; Self guiding; Self-perpetuating; Self attracting 

自我包含；自我指引；自我永续；自我吸引



Bringing you everything you need. 

能带给你 一切所需



So when you say 

所以当你说：



Well I have to do this 

“我得做这个”



And I have to do that 

“我得做那个”



And these things are getting in the way of my excitement, 

“这些事情 简直就是我兴奋的 拦路虎”



You're working your life backwards 

这样的话，你就是在“生活的快车道”上“逆行”（你的日子过反了）



Because by acting on your excitement, whatever really needs to be done will get done 

因为，只要你在兴奋的事情上行动，那你真正需要做的所有事情，都会被做完



Because the timing will be provided for it. 

因为“时机”会落在 要做的每件事情上



And if it doesn't get done, most likely it didn't need to be done either that day or maybe even ever. 

而如果某件事没做，那很有可能是，那一天，这件事不需要做完，或者永远都不需要做



You have to trust that the guiding principle

你必须相信这个“指导原则”



will actually show you what you need to do, 

它会告诉你 你需要做的事



Because many people on your planet are very, very busy doing all sorts of things that they probably don't really need to do, 

你们地球人，经常“瞎忙”，忙得焦头烂额，忙着做那些可能不需要做的事情



You can be much more efficient and streamlined in your life 

但你的效率 可以高得多得多，你的生活可以更精简



By allowing the principle of synchronicity to guide you as to what actually needs to be done that's in alignment with who you are 

你只需要让同步性原则来指引你，做与真我匹配的 需要做的事



And when it needs to be done that's in alignment with who you are 

保持与真我同频，在需要做的时候做 



And with whom it needs to be done that's in alignment with where you are 

保持与真我同频，和所需要的人一起做



And where it needs to be done that's in alignment with who you are 

保持与真我同频，在需要做的地方做



And nothing else 

就这些，没其他的了



Does this help? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yeah! I feel..... 

是的！我感觉..... 



巴夏：

So when will you start writing? 

你打算什么时候开始写作？



问：

I'll start tonight, this evening. 

今晚开始吧！



巴夏：

All right. Is that exciting? 

好的！这让你兴奋，是吧？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



巴夏：

And drop any expectations about what the writing is supposed to get you or what's supposed to happen with it. 

放下任何 写作会带给你什么东西的期待，也不要期待将会发生什么事



Do it, because that's what excites you for its own sake. 

你做，是因为它让你兴奋，是为了“做”本身 而做



That's it. 

仅此而已！



We share these ideas, we communicate with your civilization and other civilizations 

我们分享这些理念，我们与你们 以及其他文明交流



Because this is who we are. 

因为，我们就是这样的人



This is what excites us 

因为，这让我们兴奋



If you don't pay attention to anything we share with you, we don't care 

如果你们对我们分享的内容 毫不在意，我们不在乎



We would do this anyway, because this is what excites us, 

不管怎样，我们都还是会做的，因为这就是我们兴奋所在



But we know that because it is what excites us, and because it is who we are. 

但我们知道，因为做这事让我们很兴奋，也因为我们就是这样的人



There are those who will absorb the information and make it their own and use it to accelerate their lives in a positive way. 

那肯定有人 会吸收了这些信息，并转化成自己的知识，再积极地应用到自己的生活中，加速他们的成长



We know that must be so. 

我们知道 肯定会是这样的



So we don't have to care who does and doesn't pay attention to the information 

所以，我们根本不需要在意：谁注意到，或者 谁没注意到这些信息



We know the people that need to pay attention to it will pay attention to it and use it. 

我们知道，需要的人就会注意到，并且将其应用到生活中



We know that the people who don't need to use it won't pay attention to it 

我们也知道，那些不需要的人，根本不会注意到这些信息



And they're not our audience anyway 

因此，他们也不是我们的观众



So who cares? 

既然如此，何必在意呢？



问：

OK! 

好!



巴夏：

I do this because this is who I am, 

我做，因为我就是这样的我！



And that the only reason to do it, 

这也是我做的唯一的原因



No other reason, 

没有其他原因了



Whatever happens, happens 

不论发生什么事，就让它发生吧



And we trust that whatever happens will be exactly the thing that needs to happen in perfect order, 

我们也相信，不论发生什么事情，都是在完美的安排下，需要发生的



Because we know that's how things work 

因为我们知道，世界（事件）就是这样运转的



It's as simple as that. 

就这么简单



问：

And I feel the procrastination habit is also connected to this 

我感觉，我的拖延症跟这个有关



Because what I'm procrastinating on are the things which don't excite me, 

我之所以拖延，就是因为这些事情，不是我所兴奋的



But I'm not doing what excites me, 

而且我也没做我所兴奋的事



And the higher mind is showing me that: You are not doing this things because I'm not excited about it. 

我的高我在向我展示：“你之所以没做这事，因为你对它不兴奋”



巴夏：

But you can use your procrastination in a positive way. 

但你可以用积极的方式，来利用你的“拖延”



Because if you are attempting to do something that you say excites you, but your procrastinating 

因为，如果你想做 你认为让你兴奋的事，但你拖延了



That's your first clue that your definition of how you are going about it isn't in alignment with who you are, 

那就是你的第一个线索，说明：你做这事的方式，跟你真实身份不符（不匹配）



Because if it was you would be on it. 

因为如果方式对了，你早就做了



You would be jumping at it, 

你早“上马”了（跳）



You'd be doing it. 

你就已经在做了



You be passionate about being passionate 

你会对你的激情，充满激情



Any procrastination to do the thing you say you would love to do, shows you that you're not going about it in the way that actually works best for you. 

任何你说的是你爱做的事，只要你做得拖拖拉拉，都是在告诉你，你做这事的方式，不是最适合你的



Discover what that is. Investigate what that would be, and you'll get more excited about it, and you will see that it's an actual easy path. 

找到最适合你的方式，研究出最好的方法，你就会兴奋起来，然后，你就会发现，“新的路”更轻松不费力



It's just that you're thinking it is more difficult than it is, because you're going on a path that isn’t yours. 

之前，你只是认为“新的路”走起来 会更难，因为你现在走的“老路”，不属于你



问：

So investigation, the best method is to go into meditation? 

那最佳的研究方法，是去冥想吗？



巴夏：

If you want to use meditation, that's fine, 

如果你想通过冥想，那也是可以的



But you can think it through too 

你也可以多想想，想通了就行



You just have to discover what your definition of your relationship about how you're going about something is 

你只需要找到“你和要做的事情的关系”，弄明白自己对这关系的看法（定义）



And find out if you can with your imagination and communication with the higher mind, created a definition that works better for you than the one that you're using, 

可以的话，通过想象力，或者与高我沟通，创造一个对这关系的新的、更有效的看法（定义）



For example, if you're saying well, 

我举个例子，假如你说：“



I'm excited about writing, but somehow I don't seem to be able to get started 

我对写作 感到很兴奋，但不知道从何处下笔



Well, what's the reason why I would hold back from doing what excites me, 

那是什么原因，使得我 限制自己去做我兴奋的事？



Well, let's see 

好吧，让我看看



Maybe I think for some reason I'm getting lost on the page 

也许，出于某种原因，我会没有思路



Or I'm going to have to sit there at the computer for hours and hours typing away. 

又或者，我不得不在电脑前写几个小时，但写出来的东西不能用



Well maybe that's not your way of writing. 

也许，这不是你的写作方式



Maybe if you go out somewhere in a park and take a piece of paper and a pencil. 

也许，你带上纸和笔，到公园去转转



Maybe the words will flow more naturally for you that way 

然后，写作思路就很自然的涌出来



If there's any procrastination. 

你有的任何拖延



It just means you're not doing it in the way that most in alignment with you, 

都意味着，你做的方式，并不是最适合你（匹配）



Find out what the way is that most alignment and everything will start flowing again 

找到最适合的方式，一切就地开始流动了



问：

I got you! 

我懂了！



巴夏：

Does that help? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes, it does! 

是的！有帮助！



巴夏：

How exciting. 

真是兴奋啊！



问：

Thank you 

谢谢！



巴夏：

If nothing else, and you feel procrastination 

如果你真的没啥可写，并且，感觉拖延症又犯了



If you're really a writer, you would write about your procrastination 

如果你真的是个作家，你就会写你的“拖延症”



And then you won't be procrastinating 

然后，你就不再拖延



As simple as that, if you're a writer 

如果你真是个作家，那么，事情就会这么简单



Know that you're a writer and everything that you do, even if you're shopping for groceries, you're doing it as a writer would 

如果你真的知道自己是个作家，那么，你做每件事的方式，即使是上街采购，你也都会像一个真正的作家那样Shopping（思言行）


----------------------------------------------------
精选留言

Little kid ~??

So you're not acting on your highest excitement which could attract all sorts of people to interact with you in exciting ways 

所以，你没在你最高兴奋上去行动，而这反而会吸引来 各种各样的人，与你激情互动

Because you're lonely 

仅仅因为 你觉得你会变得孤独寂寞

这句话的翻译好棒呀（但是读不懂的人会有歧义），我本来以为你翻译错了，我看到评论里面那个人的提醒，又看了视频，然后又回去看了那个翻译，对照中译和原文，我发现你是对的，只不过处理的有点复杂了（人们对于这句话可以有两种解释，所以那个人才提出了那个建议），我也想提供一下我的版本，哈哈哈哈~: 

“所以你没有在最高兴奋上去行动，仅仅是因为你害怕孤独终老，可是你的最高兴奋本来就会吸引来各种各样的人，与你激情互动，你又怎么会孤独呢~（哈哈哈哈）”