巴夏：你浪费时间了吗？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-10-21


问：

So my next question is, why do I often feel like I'm wasting my time?

我的下一个问题是，为什么我经常感觉 自己在浪费时间呢？



Is it a matter of me appreciating more of where I am or me making choices that leave me compress? for not following my excitement, or is it something else?

是因为我不够享受（感激）我的状况，还是因为我所做的决定没有跟随我的兴奋，而导致我焦虑，又或者是，其他的什么原因？



巴夏：

Well, it could be both and either.

可能是以上两个原因，也可能都不是



You have to, again, be honest within your own self examination as to what it might be in any given circumstance or situation.

情况的不同，原因也可能不同，所以，你务必要诚实地检视内在自我



The idea, again, of wasting your time, so to speak, yes, can be representative of not appreciating what's happening in the moment.

所谓的“浪费自己的时间”，有可能表明你不享受当下所发生的事



Because you think that somehow for some reason what's happening can't serve you when it of course always can,

因为，出于某些原因，你可能认为所发生的事对你没有助益，而实际上，任何事件的发生，都能助益到你



 if you stay in the proper state to use it and derive a benefit from it.

只要保持在适当的状态，好好利用所发生的事，你就能从中获得助益



图片

But always make sure when you say that something does or doesn't excite you, always check with yourself and make sure that you're not the one with your beliefs dampening the excitement that could be there.

但是，当你认为某件事让你兴奋，或者无法让你兴奋时，请务必检视自己，确保不是因为你本人的（负面）信念，而将原本存在的兴奋给抑制住了



Make sure you're not the one with your beliefs that's making anxiety look like excitement instead of realizing it’s anxiety.

确保你没有因为负面信念，错把焦虑当成兴奋，而是真正地明白自己的焦虑情绪



Always check with yourself to make sure you're not the one that is coloring what's going on.

凡事省察自身，确保自己没有“粉饰”当前所发生的事



图片

But if you finally recognize that certain ideas really are truly representative of your passion and your excitement,

但是，如果你最终真的认识到，某些想法观念确实代表了你的激情和兴奋



then act on them to the best of your ability with no insistence on the outcome and stay in a positive state no matter what happens.

那么，就尽你最大能力地去行动，不执着于结果，并且，不论发生什么事，都始终保持积极正面的状态



Because even if something manifests that you neutrally don't prefer, you have to know it's got to be there for a reason that can serve you.

即使发生（显化）了某件你实在不喜欢的事，那你也需要知道，它的发生，肯定是为了带给你某些助益



And If you stay in a positive state, you will derive the benefit from whatever it is that happens.

如果你保持在积极正面的状态，那么，你就能从任何情况中，获得助益



And by doing it that way, then whatever manifested will go away more quickly if it doesn't belong in your life.

当你这么做了，那么，那些显化在你生命中，却不属于你的事物，就会更快地离去



Because you've been willing to accept that there must have been a reason for it to have appeared in the first place.

因为你愿意接受，它们一开始就是为了某些原因，才会出现在你生命中的