巴夏：外在的指引
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2022-12-08 20:08


巴夏：
What you put out is what you get back.
你给出什么，你就收到什么。

你们中的一些人，把这称之为“吸引力法则”。

这法则，全宇宙通用的。

Because everything is a projection of consciousness, everything is a reflection of consciousness,
因为，一切存在，都是意识的投射，一切事物，都是意识的反射影像。

So whatever frequency you operate on, whatever it is you put out in life is the reflection of that reality that you get back.
所以，不论你处在什么样的频率上，不论你往生活中“注入”什么能量，都将反映在你“得到”的现实生活中。

This acts for you as a guiding system to let you know that
对你来说，这起到“引导系统”的作用，让你知道：

if things are not arranged in a way that you might prefer, if things are not aligned, according to the core beliefs within you, the core desires, truth within you,
如果事情没有按照你喜好的那样安排，如果事情没有与你内在的核心信念一致，没有如你所愿，没有符合你所相信的真理。

Then there is a belief system, or some idea or definition that you are operating under the influence of that is putting out a frequency that clearly shows you when you get a reflection back what frequency you're putting out.
那么，这说明你内在有一个信念系统，或想法，或定义在底下运作着，影响着，持续地散发着某些频率。而你现实生活中得到的反射影像，则清晰地向你反映出你所散发的频率。

So if you don't prefer what you're putting out, changing that frequency will allow you to get the reflection back that is more in alignment with what you prefer.
所以，如果你不喜欢你所“给出”的，那么，改变这些频率，将让你“得到”更符合你的喜好的反射影像。

Now, the idea is to use this as a guiding mechanism so that you can always get that reflection to let you know exactly where you stand, where you are, what it is you're giving off, what frequency you're operating from.
你们可以把这个当做一个“引导机制”来使用，这样的话，你就能一直得到一个“反馈”的影像，从而让自己更确切地知道你的立场，你的位置，你给出的是什么，你处在什么样的频率上。

So the idea is to use it as that guiding mechanism to propel you through life and allow you to refine and hone down the idea of what belief systems to buy into that are more aligned with who you prefer to be and what belief systems to let go of.
所以，你们要把它当做一个引导机制，推动自己在生活中，不断地精简、提炼、打磨自己的信念系统，从而使之不断与自己的喜好更加一致，并放下与自己喜好不一致的信念。

Because it is those belief systems that utterly determine what you experience your life to be in physical reality.
因为正是这些信念系统，完全决定了你在物质世界中的人生经历。





相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索

账号：Bashar

账户名：巴夏Bashar



或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索

账号：Bashar

账户名：巴夏Bashar

