巴夏：工具不用会生锈
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-07-24

巴夏：

There can always be a positive effect from anything you choose to experience and create in your life. 

你在生命中选择体验、创造的任何事物，都能对你产生积极正面的效果



It is up to you to remain in that state of being if the positive state is what you prefer to be 

如果你喜好 积极正面的效果（状态），那么，就需要你保持在这样的状态下



Rather than being as you say, negatively concerned that something might be wrong 

而不是像你们所说的：带着负面的心态，关注在“哪里可能出错了”



Even though you may have had an experience or created or attracted an experience that may at first seem to be not what you prefer 

即使你可能经历到，或创造出，或者吸引来 某种起初看似非你所喜好的经历



It is always capable of being turned around in some way shape or form as long as you remain in the positive state and given a positive meaning 

但只要你保持在正面的状态，并赋予它正面的意义，那么，你总是能够通过某种方式“力挽狂澜、扭转乾坤”



You will then be capable of extracting a positive affect ultimately from this 

并最终能从中“提取”出积极正面的效果



Rather than going into the idea of the negative reaction and giving it a negative meaning. 

而不是被激发出消极负面的反应，且赋予其负面的意义



Remember 

请记住：



No circumstances have built-in meaning. 

没有哪种境况，（天生）自带有某种意义



So why are you choosing to be negatively concerned? 

所以，你为什么选择以负面的方式，看待它们呢？



问：

It's interesting, because it touches on another part of the same question, which is 

有意思的是，这关联到同一个问题的另一个方面，也就是：



Lately or I guess for the last few months, I feel tired a lot 

最近这几个月，我老是觉得很累



And I don't know if it's because I work so much, because I overwork, or if it's age 

我不知道是不是因为我超负荷工作，还是因为上了年纪



Because there's that belief that perhaps I'm getting older and I don't have the same energy as when I was younger 

因为，我可能有个信念，认为：自己慢慢变老，精力也不如年轻时那样了



巴夏：

All right! If that's your belief, then it gives you something to work with, yes? 

好！如果它是你的信念，那么，你有活要干了，不是吗？



问：

Yes. But I don't know if that's my belief. 

是的，但我不知道 它是不是我的信念



巴夏：

Well, why don't you find out? 

你为什么不把它弄清楚呢？



问：

Well, I'm exploring it with you right now. 

我现在就和你一起探讨啊！



巴夏：

Well, all right 

那好！



But we have also provided many different kinds of tools, techniques and permission slips for understanding what beliefs you are holding onto 

我们已经提供了许多种不同的工具、技术和自我意识许可，用以帮助你们弄清楚自己紧抓不放的信念是什么



Are you using any of them at all? 

你用到它们了吗？



问：

I haven't been. 

还没



巴夏：

Well, why not? 

为什么不用呢？



Should we give the toolkit to someone else who's willing to use it? 

我们是不是该把这些工具，交给那些想用的人使用呢？



问：

I think I just needed a little refresher course on the best tools to use for the situation. 

我想，我需要你给我“开个小灶”，告诉我应对这种情况最佳工具



巴夏：

You can use your threshold of believability tool if you wish 

如果你愿意，你可以使用“检测信念的临界工具”



You can ask yourself the question 

你可以问自己这个问题：



What would I have to believe is true in order to be having the experience or the feeling that I'm having 

“我到底相信什么是真实的，才会让自己经历到当前的经历，或感受到当下的感受？”



And be quiet enough to listen for the answer. 

然后，静静地聆听答案



You can use many different kinds of techniques 

你可以使用许多种不同的方法技巧



And you allow your imagination to provide whatever technique works best for you as well. 

你也可以放飞自己的想象力，让它为你提供最适合你的方法技巧



Among many other permission slip tools we have talked about over the course of many many years of your time 

在我们传讯的数十年来，我们分享里许多种意识许可、工具、方法技巧



But if you feel like you haven't been using them 

如果这些你都还没用上



Then that right there can be the first technique 

那现在，你可以使用的第一种方法就是：



Go back and review what techniques have been given to you, what toolkits have been provided 

去复习一下我们已经教你们的方法技巧，回顾一下我们已经为你们提供的工具



Sharpen your tools and use them 

把你的工具磨得锋利，并使用它们



Otherwise if you don't use them,they are rust. 

否则，如果你不用，那它们就会生锈



问：

Good point 

指“点”得好！



巴夏：

Thank you. 

谢谢你！



That's what you want in your tool

这正是你们想要的工具



A good point. 

有个好（锋利）“点”



问：

Thank you! 

谢谢！