巴夏：影响，是你内在的流动
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-10-16


问：

Hello Bashar! 

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, good day! 

你好，日安！



问：

One of my favorite movies is the matrix 

我最喜欢的电影之一，就是《黑客帝国》



And it alludes to what you've been talking about tonight the illusion of physical reality. 

它暗喻了你今晚所讲的“物质世界是幻相”



It also alludes to the fact that there is a malevolent force that's projecting the field, 

它也暗喻了：有一股邪恶势力在投射（影响）这个场（幻相世界）



图片


巴夏：

No!

不！



问：

if you remember the movie. 

如果记得这部电影的话



巴夏：

Yes, but that's not true. 

是的，我记得，但那并非事实！



问：

I'm wondering to what extent the dark parts of human history have been influenced by malevolent forces, the Illuminati, the... 

我想知道，人类历史的黑暗部分，有多大程度上被邪恶力量，如光明会等影响了的？



巴夏：

It has never ever ever been influenced by it. It has however chosen to be influenced by it. 

人类历史，从来，从来，从来都没被它们影响，但是，人类历史“选择”了被影响



Big difference. 

二者区别很大！



You see, the real influence if you want to use that word, is simply the idea that you can be influenced by it. 

如果你想用“影响”这个词，那么真正的影响，就是你对其响应，选择了可以被影响



Getting you to believe that you can be influenced by it allows you to experience it as if you are influenced by it. 

它们让你相信了你能够被影响，才会让你经历到似乎你被它们影响了



But that's all they can actually do. 

但是，它们能做到的，也就这种程度



You have to buy into it. 

你必须买账了（接受、相信），才行得通！



As soon as you buy out of it, there is no sensation and no experience of influence. 

一旦你不买账了（相信），那么，你就不会有任何感觉，也不会受到任何影响



Because there will always be darkness and there will always be light. 

因为，黑暗永远都有，光明永远都在



There will always be negative, and there will always be positive. 

总会有消极负面的，也总会有积极正面的



Although Creation is slightly bent toward the positive. 

但是呢，造物（宇宙）是稍微倾向于积极正面的



Because there is a neutral central point. 

因为，祂的内部存在一个中性的中心点



Since creation is not actually a duality. It is a trinity. There's always a balance point in the center. 

造物并非“二元对立”，而是“三位一体”，祂的中间始终存在着一个平衡点



And the balance point in the center still gives you the freedom to choose what you prefer. 

而这个中间的平衡点，让你可以自由地选择你的喜好



And therefore it's a fact is of being slightly bent, slightly oriented in the positive direction. So the current of creation actually moves in the positive direction. 

所以，造物（宇宙）事实上是稍微转向正向，微微倾向于正面的，祂的创造，是朝积极正面方向流动的



You could euphemistically say that therefore Existence is 51% positive and 49% negative. 

因此，你可以委婉地说，存在/造物/宇宙是51%正面和49%的负面



Therefore, the idea of being influenced by malevolent forces is simply what the malevolent forces want you to believe is happening. And therefore you feel the influence. 

至于被邪恶势力所影响，那只不过是邪恶势力想让你相信它们时刻在影响着你，于是，你就感受到了被影响



If you suddenly don't buy into the program, you can't be influenced. 

如果突然之间，你不相信它们那一套了，那你就不会受到影响



Because you can only influence yourself. 

因为，你只能影响你自己



问：

Thank you. That's very good. 

非常棒！谢谢！



图片



巴夏：

Listen to the word in your own language. 

细细品味一下你们自己的语言



In-fluenced, not out-fluenced. 

（影响）内部的流动，而不是外在的流动



Influenced, you're doing it yourself inwardly. 

所谓的影响，是你内在的流动，你在“自作自受”



It's inner flow, inner fluid. It's you. 

它是你在推动自己内在能量、意识的流动



So make your choices. 

所以，是否受到影响，你来选择！