巴夏：错误，是给未来的礼物！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-10-15


问：

The person is having an issue with living their passion and moving on in their life

这个提问者，对于活出自己的激情，并继续自己的人生有些困惑



because of a regretful memory of the past mistake and a very painful period of time in their life 

因为过去的错误，让他心生悔恨；过去的痛苦，让他难以忘怀



And every time they try to follow their passion, they start feeling bad and holding back from living in their highest potential because of that memory 

每一次，当他想要跟随自己的激情时，这些痛苦的记忆就会涌现，他就感觉糟糕，压抑自己，而无法活出自己的最佳潜力



巴夏：

Then that means they're not using the mistake to learn something from. They're not validating it as an opportunity to learn a lesson that will move them forward. 

这说明，他没有从这些错误中学到一些东西，说明他没把这些错误当做学习功课的机会，从而推动他的人生前进



They are invalidating the experience as if it didn't belong 

他否定了这些经历（的作用），认为这样的事，不该发生在他身上



When obviously if it happened, they could learn something from it and allow it to belong in their lives 

而实际上，如果事情确实发生了，那么，他就能从中学到东西，并接纳它们成为自己的人生的一部分



They're rejecting a portion of themselves by not validating it for the lesson it could teach them 

他否定这些经历能够教他一些东西，其实，就是在拒绝接纳一部分的自己



Once they validate it and learn the lesson, they will be free to move on. They will stop rejecting that portion of their lives as if it didn't belong 

而一旦他认可了、接纳了、学到了功课，那么，他就能自由自在地继续前行了，他也就不会再拒绝（排斥）自己的那部分人生，不再认为它们不属于他的了



问：

I've noticed that part of the journey seems to be about getting to a place where you can let go off thoughts that are bringing you down in a sense 

我注意到，我们人生旅途的一部分，就是要让自己进入某种境地，从而放下那些让自己“失落”的念头



That's ultimately what is involved, you let go off the beliefs that are 

放下那些导致这些念头的产生的最根本的信念



巴夏：

Let go of the beliefs that generate the thoughts, yes! 

是的！放下那些让你产生这种念头的信念



The thoughts go with it. The feelings go with it. The behavior goes with it. The experience goes with it. 

（这样的话），念头跟着消失了；感觉跟着消散了；行为跟着消除了；经历跟着消逝了



That's what we mean when we say the belief is the blueprint of all of it. 

这就是我们所说的：信念，是所有这一切（产生）的蓝图



问：

So when someone says, I can't seem to stop, because I'm ruminating, I'm constantly... 

那么，当有人说：“我似乎停不下来！这些念头萦绕在我心头，我想个不停……”



巴夏：

Go back to the motivational mechanism. 

回到“信念系统的激励机制”



They don't choose to do what they do unless they believe it somehow benefits them. 

除非他们相信：做这件事对他们有一定的益处，否则，他们是不会选择做这件事



They need to find the belief that makes it seem as if it benefits them

所以，他们需要找到那个“看似能带给他们益处”的信念



when they know it doesn't. 

而实际上，他们也知道，做这事并没有益处



问：

So regret is really about thinking that you did something wrong and that you can't fix it or the hopelessness kind of thing? 

所以，悔恨就是因为这个人错了错事，感觉无法挽回、万念俱灰、失望透顶……类似的情绪？



巴夏：

It's going back to the concept of lack of worthiness, of invalidating the self 

这要回到到 他对自我价值的缺失，对自我的否认



Thinking you're supposed to be so perfect, you can never make a mistake. 

他认为：自己本该完美绝伦，不应该犯任何错误



Mistakes are how you learn 

其实，犯错就是你学习的方式



So they're not really mistakes 

所以，犯了错，并不是真的错了！



You have a saying on your planet that is actually very wise 

在你们星球上，有一句话，说得真的很睿智



Good judgment comes from making mistakes, making mistakes comes from bad judgment 

优良的判断，来自于犯错。而犯错，则源于糟糕的判断



So bad judgment leads to mistakes which lead to good judgment. 

所以，糟糕的判断，导致了错误，进而又导致了优良的判断



That's the process 

就是这么一个过程



问：

So just reframing a lot of these ideas that we have that keep people in the negative cycles in their brain that they are trying to stop. 

很多观念，让人们陷在思想的恶性（负面）循环中，所以，我们需要重构这些观念，才能从这些循环中脱离



巴夏：

Yes! Reframing is the key. 

是的！重构是关键！



That's why we say you need to understand the definitions you're applying to things and choose different definitions 

这也是为什么我们说：你们需要弄清楚你们赋予事件的定义，并且选择不同的定义



Choosing different definitions is just as real as any definition that's already been there 

选择的不同的定义，和已经赋予的任何定义，都一样的真实



and that's the same thing as reframing 

这个过程，和“重构”，是同一回事



You reframe your reality from a new perspective, from a new definition, and then you'll experience it differently. 

你从一个新的视角，出发于一个新的定义，重构了你的实相，然后，你就经验到不同的实相



You are free to do this, 

你可以自由地做这件事



问：

So I've noticed that there are individuals in their 20s, let's say that, they feel so strongly the things that happen to them in their childhood. 

我注意到，有些人在20多岁的时候，他们会强烈地感受到自己童年时所发生的事情（带来的情绪）



巴夏：

I understand. 

这我理解



But you have to understand and remember that many humans are coming from not having been given the tools to understand what's happening to them when they go through those changes. 

但是，你需要明白，且记住：很多人，在他们经历这些改变的时候，并没有人给予他们工具（知识），让他们明白发生在自己身上的事



Therefore, they have to attract in their live the circumstances that will give them the tools, the understanding, so they can deal with those things in an easier way 

因此，他们就需要在生活中吸引来某些境况，从而带给他们相应的工具、知识、领悟……这样的话，他们就能够更容易处理这些事件了



问：

Is it also the part of our growth process,

这是不是 也是我们成长的一个过程？



I mean in terms of aging, 

我是说，年岁的增长



You know like, when you're in your 20s, you're processing a lot of stuff from your childhood in your teens and then 

当我们20多岁的时候，我们需要处理很多来自童年时期、青春期时期的事情（情绪）



When your 30s, you start recognizing that: Hey! I'm the only one that really... 

而当我们30多岁的时候，我们开始意识到：“嘿！我自己才是唯一需要好好（善待的人）……”



You know, you're not trying to please so much! 

我是说，我们不会再那么地“讨好”他人



巴夏：

Yes, in general 

是的，通常来说，是这样的！



But that's just what's become your human pattern. 

但那只是你们人类形成的模式



It's not inevitable. It's not a given that it has to happen that way. 

而不是“不可避免”的，并不一定就要按照这种方式发生才行



It's not human nature. It's human learning that creates that pattern 

这不是人类天性，而是人类学习（成长）的方式，创造了这样的模式



问：

So we can accelerate this for younger people 

如此说来，我们就可以帮助年轻人加速这个学习（成长）的过程



巴夏：

Absolutely! 

一点都没错！



Do you not yourself already recognize that much younger people in this day and age seem extremely mature? 

你自己难道不也已经认识到，现在的孩子，看起来都极其的成熟？



问：

They definitely seems like they can do things that we couldn't do. 

他们确实看起来像是 能做到我们做不到的事情



巴夏：

That's an indication that it can be accelerated regardless of the age 

这就说明：学习的过程可以被加速，而无关年龄大小



问：

So that's actually lovely 

那真是太好了！



Because that means that all that we've gone through in prior generations has allowed each generation to accelerate in certain ways are seeing the benefits of that in the generation to come. 

因为这意味着：我们前代所经历过的一切，都会让每一个后代，在某些方面得到加速成长，且……



巴夏：

That is the gift you give to future generations. 

这是你们送给后代的礼物！



They don't have to go through the same thing 

他们就不需要经历同样的事件了。



问：

It's lovely. 

这真是太棒了！



巴夏：

Yes, it is. 

是的，确实是！