巴夏：如何立即物质化你的想法？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-15 23:08



问：我们的观众有很多很棒的问题。

We have lots of great questions from our viewers.





巴夏：好的。

All right.





问：你能告诉我们怎样能通过思想立即物质化事物？

Would you please tell us how people materialize things immediately by thought?



我读过一本书，讲的是寺院里的孩子能让一朵花开花，可以从“无”中变出各种各样的东西。

I read a book about children in a monastery who were making a flower bloom and materialized all kinds of things out of nothing.





巴夏：你一直在即刻物质化你的物理现实，

You materialize your physical reality immediately all the time,



只是那些孩子被教导说他们已经在这么做了，

It's just that those children have been taught that they're already doing that,



所以他们并没有认为这有什么不寻常的。

So it's nothing that they deem or label as unusual.



所以要认识到如果你不不断地物质化，你就不会有物理现实的体验，

So the idea is to recognize you wouldn't have a physical reality experience if you weren't constantly materializing,



这不仅仅是你的想法，

And it's not just about your thoughts,



这是关于你相信什么是真的，

It's about what you believe to be true,



这是基于你的探索主题，以及什么与之有关。

It's based on your theme of exploration and what's relevant for that.



所以你可以像那些孩子一样扩展关联性，

So you can expand the relevance just as those children have



通过重新训练自己，重新定义它，明白你已经在瞬间物质化了。

by retraining yourself and redefining the idea and understand that you're already materializing instantaneously.



否则你根本不会有物理现实的体验。

Otherwise you wouldn't have a physical reality experience at all.





问：有没有可能，当我们处于一个势头中，有某种显化要即将发生，然后我们可以产生这样的想法：哦，我想要这个，

Is it also possible that when we're in a momentum and there's a certain manifestation that it's about to occur that we can actually then create the thought that "oh, i want this."



然后它就突然出现了。

And then boom, it appears as if it's suddenly appearing.



图片
译注：在显化之前，先改变你从小到大被灌输的观念。

图片


巴夏：从“这个想法是你已经知道将要发生的事情的回声”这个意义上说，它可以那样发生，

It can happen that way in the sense of the thought being an echo of something you already know is about to happen,



不是想法创造了它，

It's not that the thought creates it,



但这个想法可能代表了这样一个事实：那就是你意识到你即将（在线性的时间里）显化它。

But the thought may be representative of the fact that you are aware that you're about to manifest it in linear time.





问：好有意思！

Very interesting!

