巴夏：设定目标
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-08-18 19:58


问：
对于设定目标，你是怎么看的？

巴夏：
It's all well and good to have what you call a goal, a visualization, an image that represents what you consider to be an ideal outcome.
你们所谓的目标，或观想，或用一张图片代表你认为的理想结果，这些都是很好的

But when the picture, when the goal gets you excited about the goal, about the visualization, about the picture, that's exactly the time to completely and utterly drop it.
但是，当这个目标、观想、图片，让你对你的“理想结果”感到兴奋时，你就要完全彻底地把它们放下

Because again, its purpose is to get you in the state of being that will actually attract what you need,
因为，它们的

Because you don't know that the goal you've set or the picture you're visualizing is actually the best possible outcome.
因为，你并不知道你所设定的目标，或者你所观想的画面，是否是最好的结果

You don't know that
你是不知道的

But your higher mind does know what you need and it will always bring you whatever actually will serve you best.
但是，你的高我，却知道你需要什么，并且，祂总是带给你对你最佳利益的事物

Even if it looks nothing like your physical mind thought it ought to, which is very often the case.
即使它们看起来，与你头脑认为应该的样子大相径庭，而且，这是经常发生的事

你明白吗?

问：
是的，明白

巴夏：
So if you can wrap your mind around that and have a deeper understanding of how these things work, 
所以，如果你能理解这一点，并且，对高我、显化等运作原理有更深入的了解

things will be more along the path of least resistance.
那么，你生命中的诸多事件，将会越来越沿着最小阻力的道路发展

You won't have to wonder so much about where you're going or why you should make this or that decision.
你也不会思虑太多，比如说，你要去哪里，或者，你为什么要做这样或那样的决定

And you won't have to make decisions because you think that this can't support you
你也不需要因为“你认为”某件事无法支持你，而不得不做出决定

When it can.
而实际上，它可以支持你

There are a myriad number of examples on your planet of things that many people would say.
这样的例子，在你们星球上，多如牛毛。很多人会说：

There's no way that could possibly support you in life.
“你做这种事，能否养活自己，都够呛”

And yet there are people exactly being supported by those things.
然而，确实有人通过做这样的事，活得好好的

You can be too.
你也可以

You just have to decide to be in that group instead of this group.
你只需要决定加入那群人，而不是这群人

仅此而已

问：
好的，非常感谢！



相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar
或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar

