巴夏：显化，需要多点想象力
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-12-06 20:20


问：

When you're needing to pay your rent...

当我需要交房租的时候……



巴夏：

I beg your pardon?

你说啥？



When you're needing?

当你需要什么……？



问：

Like to manifest a certain amount of money to pay your rent and things of that sort.

比如说，我需要显化出一定数量的金钱去交房租，类似这样的事情……



巴夏：

Many of you need a little bit more exercise in your imagination, and you need a little bit more exercise in your communication skills.

你们中有许多人，都需要多锻炼一下自己的想象力，也需要多多练习一下你们的沟通技巧



How many of you, when you, let's say, create a situation for yourself where you understand you are paying rent and you wish to honor that?

当你们给自己创造这样的境况，比如：你知道你该交房租了，而且你也愿意履行



And that's all well and good.

（这些都是好的）



And you say, now it is the time for the rent and I don't have all the rent money.

你说：“噢！该交房租了，可我的钱不够”



How many of you have been willing to actually talk to your landlords and land ladies and actually sit down and express

你们中有多少人，愿意去找你们的包租公、包租婆，坐下来跟他们说：



Look, this is what's going on?

“现在的情况是这样这样的



I absolutely have every intention of paying you.

我呢，绝对有意愿要交房租



And this is what's going on in my life.

只是现在发生了这样的事



And when that comes up and when this comes in, I absolutely will do so.

一旦我XXX…… 只要我……，我绝对会……



Until then, this is what's going on.

在此之前，能不能……”



You will find that many people will simply appreciate the fact that you have kept them in the loop.

你会发现，很多人都会很欣赏你能如实相告



But when you try to run away from the situation, in that sense, that's where you get into your trouble.

但是，如果你想“回避了事”，那么，你只会“惹祸上身”



Because you are attempting to feel inadequate

因为，你一直在感受“匮乏窘困”



Instead of allowing yourself to truly expand and understand that by opening yourself up to many forms of abundance, the very situation itself may actually change in the blink of an eye.

而不是开放自己的想象力（意识），敞开自己，接受其他多种“富足”的形式，这样的话，同样的困境，可能在眨眼之间就“柳暗花明”了



If you simply are open to all forms of abundance, how do you know that your landlord won't simply come up to you and say

如果你能敞开接收所有富足的形式，那么，你怎么知道，你的包租公不会对你说：



You know what, I just had a windfall. And this month I don't need your rent.

“你知道吗，我刚刚发了一笔横财，这个月，我就不要你租金了”



You know what, we're actually going to renovate this entire complex. And because we're renovating it and sort of putting you out a little bit, we will charge no rent this month or for three months.

“你知道吗，我们准备要翻修整幢大楼。因为装修，你需要搬离一阵子，所以，这一个月（三个月），我们不收你租金了”



How do you know?

你怎么知道这不可能呢？



The thing of it is if you don't allow these things to also be possible expressions of your abundance, they can never happen.

事实上，如果你不允许这种情况，同样也可以是你“富足”的可能的表现形式，那么，这样的（好）事，就永远不会发生在你身上



But when you do, you will be astonished at what magic can happen.

但是，当你允许了，那你可能会惊讶于这样的“神奇”事件！



Things you would think would never happen.

这种喜从天降的好事，可能是你想都不敢想的



Oh! That's ridiculous.

“噢！这太荒谬了！”



That's crazy.

“这太疯狂了！”



Everyone knows that can't happen.

“谁都知道，不会有这种好事！”



That's impossible.

“这是不可能的！”



That's silly.

“别这么傻了！”



Oh! Grow up!

“呵呵！太天真了！”



You know, all those expressions that you are taught as children about what's realistic.

这种的关于“现实”的话，你们在孩提时代，没少听吧？



The idea is to understand that what you typically call miracles is actually the way life works.

可是，你们要明白，你们常常说的“奇迹”，恰是是生命的运作方式



And it's actually, in a sense, more unusual that it doesn't work that way

事实上：人生不神奇，才不寻常呢！



Because you keep those things at bay with limited expectation in a sense,

正是因为你们有限的期望，才将这样好事拒之门外了



You place conditions and limitations and expectations on yourself and on the situation.

你们给自己和自己的现状，施加了种种的条件、限制和期望



And you define the situation in a way that doesn't allow it to actually expand in the way that it could and manifest in the way that it could.

你们对现状（有限）的定义，才使得它无法自我扩展，无法以它自己的方式去显化



And by the way, here's a new definition of manifestation.

顺便跟你们说一下“显化”的新定义



Manifestation is not attracting something to you from somewhere else.

显化，不是把某个东西，从其他某个地方，吸引到你身边



Manifestation is you matching the vibration of something that is already here that's simply invisible to you.

显化，是你和这个东西的频率，调频一致，而这东西，已经在“这里”，只是你还看不到它



And when you match its frequency, it becomes visible.

当你匹配它的频率时，你就能看见它了



But it was here all along.

但是，它一直都在这里



You already contain everything you will ever need. Everything you will ever manifest is already here.

所有你需要的，你都已经拥有了；所有你将要显化的，都已经在这里了



Manifestation is simply allowing it to become visible by matching its frequency.

显化，只不过是你匹配到它的频率，从而使你能看见它



It doesn't come from somewhere else.

它，不是来自其他的某个地方



There is nowhere else for anything to come from.

不存在其他地方，也不会有东西从其他地方而来



There is no outside.

没有“外在”



That's an illusion.

外在，只是一个幻相



There is no over there.

没有“那里”



That's an illusion.

那里，也只是一个幻相



There is only here.

只有这里（此地）



There is only now.

只有这时（此时）



That's it.

如是而已



Make sense?

你明白了吗？



问：

Yes!

是的！



巴夏：

Are you sure?

你确定吗？



问：

Yes!

是的！



巴夏：

Are you more excited about acting on your excitement?

你现在是不是更兴致勃勃地，要在让你兴奋上事情上行动呢？



问：

I am.

是呀！



巴夏：

Why, thank you.

那谢谢喽！