巴夏：萨珊王朝与艾萨萨尼文明的关系
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 5月27日2021

问：在中东曾经有“萨珊王朝”。
and then there used to be a empire named Sasanian Empire in the middle east.



【萨珊王朝

图片
萨珊王朝或萨桑王朝（英语：Sassanid Empire），也称波斯第二帝国，也是最后一个前伊斯兰时期的波斯帝国，国祚始自公元224年，651年亡。

萨珊王朝的居民称萨珊王朝为埃兰沙赫尔或埃兰。萨珊王朝取代了被视为西亚及欧洲两大势力之一的安息帝国，与罗马帝国共存了超过400年。

在安息帝国衰败及其末代君王阿尔达班五世阵亡后，阿尔达希尔一世建立了萨珊王朝。萨珊王朝一直统治到阿拉伯帝国入侵，伊嗣俟三世被迫逃亡为止。】




巴夏：是的，它是以我们的文明命名的。
yes it was named after our civilization.

问：我想知道你们的文明和萨珊王朝之间的关系。
okay yeah that's what i wanted to know like what's the connection with your civilization and the Sasanian Empire.

巴夏：关系是在那个时候地球上来自我们文明的实体解释我们文明的名字是Sassani萨萨尼，
【PS：巴夏种族住的星球叫Essassani艾萨萨尼，他们的种族是Sassani，ES的意思是“地方”，Essassni的意思是“Place of Living Light”居住光的地方。】
Sassanithe connection is that there was an entity on the earth at that time from our civilization who explained the name of our civilization was Sassani,

但它被误解为那个实体的名字，
but it was misunderstood as the name of the individual entity,

这个实体被认为是某种神或者上帝一样的人
this entity was considered to be some sort of a divine entity or a god-like entity,

虽然它只是我们中的一员，
even though it was simply one of us,

但是要先进得多，
but being very much more advanced.

它被认为是某种超自然的实体，
it was taken to be some sort of supernatural entity,

后来你们星球上出生的一个孩子就以那个实体命名，
over time a being was born on your planet that was named after this particular entity,

他们之间有能量上的连接，他的父母就给他取名为萨珊，
Sasan或者Sasanithere was a connection energetically between them and the parents of that particular individual that was born was named Sasan or Sasani.

然后那个人有了孙子，这个孙子在中东建立了正权，
and then when that particular individual had a grandson and the grandson created a particular physical political empire on your planet,

他决定用他爷爷的名字萨珊来命名这个王朝，
he decided to name the empire after his grandfather who was named Sasan and Sasani,

图片


因此这就是萨珊王朝以我们的文明命名的由来，
and therefore that's how the idea of the Sasani empire became named after our civilization.

因为它最初是以祖父的名字命名，而祖父的名字是取自那个大家认为是神一样的超自然实体，
because it was named originally for the grandfather whose name was taken from the supernatural entity that everyone assumed was a godlike figure,

其实只是我们中的一员。
but was only one of us.

问：很有启发，
that's very illuminating.

你能告诉我灵感和动机之间的区别吗？
and can you also tell me the difference between inspiration and motivation?

灵感与动机比较。
like what is inspiration in comparison to motivation.

巴夏：灵感可以是你与高我的想象力连接的展现，高我通过这个方式展示给你代表了你的激情之路的想法，
well inspiration can be the idea of the unfolding of your imaginative connection to the higher mind to present you with the concepts that represent your passional path,

而动机是指用你的信念系统来决定你有多少意愿去在这灵感之路或想法上采取实际的行动，
but motivation is that which uses your belief systems to determine how willing you are to actually take action on that inspirational path or idea.

这是你最后的问题了。
that was your last question.

问：好的，巴夏，谢谢！
sure Bashar thank you!

巴夏：谢谢！
thank you!
