巴夏：赛博游戏
2025.6.14
我们不时地帮助你们通灵的存有的想法，我们称之为赛博，实际上就是因为这个原因而被命名为赛博。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2016年6月4日

巴夏：好的，我会在你们今天的这个时候向你们说你们好。你们都好吗？好的，好的，我们谢谢你们。再次，为了有机会与你们每个人单独互动，也为了你们所有人共同分享这份伟大的礼物给我们，我们深表感谢。让我们在开始这个传讯时提醒你们，我们把这个叫做赛博。在我们的古代语言中，Cybo这个词是数字13，也代表着转变。

All right,I'll say good day to you this day of your time.How are you all?All right. All right, we thank you.Once again, for the opportunity to interact with each and every one of you individually and all of you together collectively for the great gift of sharing that you are giving us, our deepest appreciation.Let us begin this transmission by reminding you that we have called this Cybo.In our ancient language, the word Cybo is the number 13 and also stands for transformation.

当我们的社会最初被创建时，我们的混血文明，当我们被放置在为我们准备的星球上时，我们现在称之为爱莎莎妮。我们被赋予了许多不同类型的工具，为我们提供了各种各样的体验，并为我们设计了各种机会，以便我们的文明能够以非常确定的方式发展。其中一件已经完成的事是创造了某些游戏，如果你愿意这样称呼，某些我们愿意玩的游戏。引导我们走上某些体验之路。其中一个游戏是我们现在在你们所在的拉斯维加斯市为你们介绍的。

When our society was first created, our hybrid civilization, and when we were placed on the planet that was prepared for us, that we now refer to as Esassani.We were given many different kinds of tools and experiences were laid out for us and opportunities were designed for us so that our civilization would grow in very certain ways.One of the things that was done was the creation of certain games, if you will, that we would play.To lead us down certain avenues of experience. And one of those games is what we are now relating to you appropriately in your city of Las Vegas.

作为赛博代表13和转变，游戏的根本目的，即游戏的玩法，旨在扩大你的同步性。因此，当你玩游戏时，你开始在游戏中体验到越来越多的同步性。而这最终会开始渗透到你的生活中，通过训练你进入那种最能代表你生活中加速同步性的存在状态。游戏在任何地方进行，通常是同步的，一到六个人。如果你愿意，你实际上可以自己做，作为一种意识许可练习，来扩大你自己的同步性。或者你可以和其他人一起玩。它可以更加扩展。

As Cybo, which stands for 13 and transformation, the purpose of the game fundamentally, the way it is played, is designed to expand your synchronicity.So that as you play, more and more, you start experiencing more and more synchronicity in the game.And that eventually can begin to leak into your life by training you to get into that state of being that is most representative of experiencing accelerated synchronicity in your lives.The game is played anywhere from generally synchronicity, speaking one to six individuals.You can actually do it by yourself, if you wish, as a permission slip exercise, to expand your own synchronicity.Or you can have the fun of playing with other individuals. It can be more.

但游戏的结构方式通常是最多六个。但这取决于你。现在，因为你们通常认为我们存在于未来，即使所有事物同时存在，但从线性的角度来看，你们倾向于把我们的现实看作是未来的现实。然而，因为这个游戏来自你们线性认识到的我们的过去，所以你们可以矛盾地说，这个游戏是一个来自未来的一万年前的游戏。所以我们今天与你们分享这个游戏。我们将大致描述游戏的运行原理。你还将有机会很快收到游戏的具体详细规则。它是用一个12面骰子玩的。

But the way the game is structured usually is done with six at the most.But that's up to you. Now, because you typically think of us as existing in the future, even though all things exist simultaneously, but from a linear perspective, you tend to look at our reality as if it is a future reality.Yet because the game comes from what you would linearly recognize as our past, you could then paradoxically say that this game is a 10,000-year-old gamefrom the future.So we share this with you this day.And we will describe in general how the game works. And you will also receive It is played with a 12-sided die.an opportunity to receive the specific detailed rules of the game shortly.

图片
你明白吗？一个有12面和12个数字的骰子。而这12个数字以一种非常特定的方式排列成一个网格。共有13回合。你和每个玩家一次绕一圈，绕13次。在每一局游戏中，你都会得到三个滚动，试图连续得到三个数字。不一定按照顺序，尽管这是另一个水平。每个数字由一个点表示。如果你以任何顺序在同一排得到三个数字，那么你就可以获得三点。如果你碰巧在任何特定行中得到这三个数字，无论是直线交叉、列中向上或向下，甚至是对角线。你仍然可以按任何顺序得到这三个点，如果你按照它们在行中排列的实际顺序得到这些数字，那么你会得到九个点。而这是同步性的开始。

You understand this? A die with 12 sides and 12 numbers on it.And there is a grid of those 12 numbers arranged in a very specific way. There are 13 rounds.And you go around and around with each player one round at a time, 13 times.And in each round, you are given three rolls in an attempt to get three numbers in a row.Not necessarily in order, although that's another level.Each number is represented by one point. And if you get three in the same row in any order, you then earn three points.Should you happen to get the three numbers in any particular row, whether straight across, up or down in a column, or even diagonally, you still get those three points in any order.If you get the numbers in the actual sequential order that they are arranged in the row, then you get nine points. And this is the beginning of the synchronicity.

这个游戏有不同的层次。有初级、高级、宗师级和特级大师级。如果你想以这种方式玩，初级水平允许你有机会进行四次投掷，以获得三个数字。高级水平只需三次滚动即可获得三个数字。宗师级的概念是，如果你连续得到三个数字，并且你实际上在13局中的某个地方重复了，你就进入了宗师级。因为这就是它的意义所在，就是达到你的同步性如此之强的地方，以至于你实际上可以开始一遍又一遍地滚动相同的数字。实际上，在所有13局比赛中，一位特级大师都有能力在每一局比赛中以相同的顺序滚动相同的三个数字。当你的同步性如此之高时，似乎没有什么能超越你。正如我们所说，这是在我们的历史之初，大约我们的一万年前给我们的。

There are different levels to this game. There is a beginning level, there is an advanced level, there is a master level, and there is a grandmaster level.The beginning level allows you the opportunity, if you wish to play this way, to have four rolls in order to get three numbers.The advanced level is just three rolls to get the three numbers. The idea of the master level is that if you get three numbers in a row in order, and you actually repeat that somewhere in the 13 rounds, you have entered the master level.For this is what it's about, is getting to the place where your synchronicity is so strong that you can actually begin to roll the same numbers over and over and over again.And a grandmaster is actually capable, in all 13 rounds, of rolling the same three numbers in the same order for every round.When your synchronicity is that high, nothing seems beyond you. Now, this was given to us, as we say, at the beginning of our history, about 10,000 of our years ago.

而这个想法是。。。在最初的1000年里，我们只产生了一位特级大师。在接下来的1000年里，我们产生了三位特级大师。而在接下来的1000年里，我们产生了9位特级大师。在最初的3000年里，当这个数字达到13位特级大师时，作为一个社会，我们真的不再需要玩这个游戏了。因为同步性已经渗透到我们的社会中，以至于我们以各种其他方式继续我们的生意。并不是说有些人没有继续玩这个游戏。由于各种各样的原因，现在仍然如此。

And the idea is that... In the first 1,000 years, we only generated one grandmaster.In the next 1,000 years, we generated three grandmasters. And in the next 1,000 years, we generated nine grandmasters.When that reached that number of 13 grandmasters in the first 3,000 years, as a society, we no longer really needed to play the game.Because synchronicity had permeated our society to such a degree that we went on about our business in a variety of other ways.Not to say the game was not continued to be played by some. For it still is now and then, for a variety of reasons.

图片
但是，随着这使我们专注于体验加速同步性的必要状态，这款游戏也可以处于一种有趣的状态下加速你，这就是它的设计目的。你将再次获得更详细的说明，了解网格是如何布局的，如何记分，如何让自己在游戏中延续、加速和扩展你的同步体验。我们不时地帮助你们通灵的存有的想法，我们称之为赛博，实际上就是因为这个原因而被命名为赛博。他是为数不多的游戏特级大师之一。而且，在玩游戏时，实际上，在每一局中，每次都能投掷出完全相同的三个数字。他是仍然存在于我们社会中为数不多的特级大师之一。

But as this focused us into the state of being necessary to experience accelerated synchronicity, so too can this game, in a state of being a fun, accelerate you, as well, which is what it is designed to do.You will be again given more detailed instructions for exactly how the grid is laid out, how you keep score, how you allow yourself to perpetuate and accelerate and expand your synchronous experience in the game.The idea of the being that we have from time to time also assisted in channeling through to you, that we name Cybo, is actually named Cybo for this reason.He is one of the few grandmasters of the game. And is able, when playing the game, to actually, in every single round, roll exactly the same three numbers every time.He is one of the few grandmasters that still exists in our society.

在过去的7000年里，只有5个。但再一次，不是因为它有那么难。仅仅是因为，在最初的3000年之后，我们继续做其他事情。并以各种其他方式表达了我们的同步性。所以我们现在和你们分享这个游戏，这样你也可以开始体验这个，如果你愿意的话。你不必这么做。正如你所说，这不一定是你特别喜欢的菜。但这很有趣。再次，适合你在拉斯维加斯的位置，即使这不一定完全在你收到的说明中，也可以通过投注进行游戏。

And over the last 7,000 of our years, there have only been five.But again, not because it's that difficult. Simply because, after the first 3,000 years, we went on to other things.And expressed our synchronicity in a variety of other ways. So we now share this game with you, so that you can begin to experience this as well, if you wish.You don't have to. It doesn't have to be your particular cup of tea, as you say.But it is fun. And again, being appropriate for your location of Las Vegas, even though this will not necessarily exactly be in the instructions that you will receive, the game can be played with betting.

如果你愿意。稍后会有一套单独的说明。但是，你将收到关于网格是如何布局的、如何滚动、如何掷骰子、如何记分以及开始与此特定意识许可同步体验所需的一切的基本详细说明。

If you wish. There will be a separate set of instructions for that at another time.But you will receive the basic detailed instructions for how the grid is laid out, how you roll, how you take turns, how you keep score, and everything you need to know to begin your experience of synchronicity with this particular permission slip.

游戏说明


巴夏：所以，说到同步性，我们提醒你们，从某种意义上说，同步性是你们的线性时空方式，用来证明一切都是一件事，一切都是相互连接的，一切都只是同一件事的表达，即一切万有。但是，因为你们已经选择将你们的意识聚焦在线性时空中，那么同步性是你被证明这是确实的少数几种方式之一。正是在这个时刻，你正在经历的对你来说是非常有意义的。就本人而言。并在你需要它的时刻为你提供所需的信息。

So, speaking of synchronicity, we remind you that synchronicity, in a sense, is your linear space-time way of demonstrating that everything is one thing, that everything is connected, that everything is an expression of the same one thing, the all that is.But because you have chosen to focus your consciousness in linear space-time, then synchronicity is one of the few ways you have of being shown that that is true.It is that moment of timing when what you are experiencing is perfectly meaningful for you.Personally.And gives you the information you needed at exactly the moment you needed it.

当你内在的一切都聚集在一起时，当你站在意识的十字路口时，从某种意义上说，你会体验到同步性，这表明一切都是一体的，一切都是相互连接的，但你仍然以线性时间、线性方式体验它。并且可以利用我们知道你们都拥有过的同步性体验。并将继续提醒你，在你的生活中，需要采取行动的存在状态将以更快的方式推动你前进。这里的悖论是，照常，你越活在当下，越活在某个时刻，你就越接近活在那一时刻，你实际创造的时间就越少。

When all things come together within you, when you are standing, in a sense, at the crossroads of your consciousness, you experience the synchronicity that demonstrates that all things are one, that all things are connected, yet you still experience it in linear time, in a linear way.And can use those experiences of synchronicity that we know you all have had.And will continue to have as a reminder of the state of being that is required to act from in your lives that will propel you forward in a much more accelerated way.The paradox here, as usual, is that the more you live in the now, in the single moment, the closer you get to living in that single moment, the less time you actually create.

因此，从线性的角度来看，这相当于经历了时间的加速。这就像跳过一段电影的画面，只看其中的几帧，因为你活在当下，因此经历的画面更少。因此加速了时间，这实际上是创造更少的时空体验的结果。记住，空间和时间是你的意识在数十亿个平行现实版本中每秒变换数十亿次的副作用。这就是时间。当你更多地活在当下时，可以这么说，你不一定需要创建与跳跃一样多的帧。因此，通过不一定在一个重要时刻和下一个重要时刻之间创建这么多细节，你可以将时间压缩到这两个时刻。

And thus, from a linear perspective, that becomes the equivalent of experiencing an acceleration in time. It's like jumping over the frames of a film strip and only looking at a few of them because you're living more in the moment and thus experiencing fewer frames .And thus accelerated time, which is actually the result of creating less experience of space-time.Remember that space and time are side effects of your consciousness shifting billions of times per second through billions of parallel reality versions of yourself. That's what time is.And when you live more in the moment, you don't necessarily need to create as many frames as many jumps, so to speak. And thus, by not necessarily creating so many details in between one major moment and the next, you can collapse time to those two moments.

图片
你总是以同样的速度变换。这永远不会改变。但这种转变的差异程度揭示了你转变的速度。所以，当同步性在你的生活中扩展和增加时，你会突然更明显、更公然地注意到差异。因为你会从一个帧转移到另一个帧，这个帧的差异足够大，以至于你开始注意到，因为在那一刻，你已经放弃了对你通常所说的连续性的需求。你正在经历与大众共识的连续性中断。同步性是这种连续性中断的表现之一，在这种连续性中，一切都在时间和空间的那一刻聚集在一起，在你需要的时候向你反射你真正需要的东西。所以我们现在留给你的这个游戏，尽情地玩，玩得开心。不要太努力。

You're always shifting at the same speed. That never changes. But the degree of difference in the shift is what reveals the rate at which you are shifting. So you will suddenly, when synchronicity expands and increases in your life.you will suddenly notice the differences more obviously, more blatantly.Because you will have shifted from one frame to another that is different enough that you begin to notice because you have let go of the need in that moment for what you typically call continuity. You are experiencing a break in continuity from the mass consensus.And synchronicity is one of the representations of a break in that continuity, where everything comes together at that moment in time and space to reflect to you exactly what you need, exactly when you need it. So this game that we now bequeath unto you, play to your heart's content, have fun. Don't try too hard.

只是玩。放轻松。让它发生。允许它发生。它可能会也可能不会被不同的人在不同的时间、不同的速率以不同的方式体验到。那很好。没有正确或错误的方法。但如果你被它吸引，如果你对玩它感到兴奋，那就玩吧，看看会发生什么。我可以保证，至少对你们中的一些人来说，你们会产生深远的影响，并对生活中同步性的扩展感到震惊，因为这就是游戏作为一种意识许可的目的。所以，我们感谢你们允许我们与你们分享这个对我们非常有帮助的工具。玩得开心。现在，作为对你们给予我们的礼物的回报，让我们体验你们每一个人，我想问，通过你们的提问和对话，我们可以以何种方式继续提供服务。按照你们的意愿开始吧。

Just play. Just relax. Let it happen. Allow it to happen. It may or may not be experienced by different people in different ways at different times, different rates. That's fine. There is no right way or wrong way to do it. But if you are attracted to it, if you're excited to play it, play it and see what happens. I can guaranteed at least for some of you, you will have a profound effect and be quite startled by the expansion of synchronicity in your life, because that's what the game is designed to do as a permission slip.So we thank you for allowing us to share this tool with you that has served us so well.And have fun. In return now for the gift that you are giving us, of allowing us to experience each and every one of you, I ask in what way may we continue to be of service through your questions and dialogues. Begin how you wish.


