巴夏：一些关于莎莎妮文明的提问
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年06月20日 08:43 辽宁
前言

“为什么莎莎妮的衣服是蓝色的？在薇拉的社会里人们穿什么样的衣服？”

                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia



                 传讯时间：2024年4月27日

问：好的，我们有一些ET问题，我想我会在这里问。

Okay, we have some ET questions I think I'll ask here.

你能解释一下为什么莎莎妮的衣服是蓝色的吗？在薇拉的社会里，人们穿什么样的衣服？

Could you explain why Sasani clothing is blue? What kind of clothes do people wear in Willa's society?

巴夏：我们从来没有说过萨萨尼的衣服都是蓝色的。我可能已经把我当时穿的一些衣服描述为蓝色，但并不是所有的萨萨尼衣服都是蓝色的。我们不知道你为什么这么理解。

We've never said that all Sasani clothing is blue. I may have described some of the things I was wearing as blue at the time, but not all Sasani clothing is blue. We're not sure why you understood it that way. 

尽管如此，萨萨尼的服装还是有各种各样的颜色。很多都是相似的，很多都是合身的，很多有很多不同的功能。实际上我们过去说过，它可以改变颜色，它实际上可以改变功能，因为它是一种纳米技术服，可以变成很多东西，包括变成太空服。

Nevertheless, there is a variety of color in Sasani clothing. A lot of it is similar, a lot of it is form-fitting, a lot of it serves many different functions.and we actually have said in the past that it can change color, and it can actually change its function, because it is a kind of nanotechnological suit that can become many things, including becoming a space suit.

所以它并不总是相同的颜色，也不总是执行相同的功能。这是一个误解。如果我们没有解释清楚，我们深表歉意。

So it's not always the same color, and it's not always performing the same function. That's a misunderstanding. If we were not clear about that, we apologize.

在薇拉的时代，服装是多种多样的东西。大多数情况下，它总是非常舒适。在许多情况下，它是相对宽松的，尽管也有例外，以人们选择的穿着功能为基础。但到了威拉的时代，很多人只会穿他们觉得舒服的衣服。有时候，甚至可能被认为是旧时尚风格的混合，也可能来自其他星球的风格。

In Willa's time, the clothing is a variety of things. Mostly it is always very comfortable. It is relatively loose-fitting in many cases, although again there are exceptions to base on the functionality of what it is that people choose to wear. But by Willa's time, a lot of people will simply wear what they're comfortable wearing.Sometimes even what might be considered to be a mix of older fashion styles, and styles that may come from other planets as well.

图片


问：然后你的家庭中是否有其他成员正在通过地球上的其他人进行引导？

And are there other members of your family that are currently being channeled through other people on Earth right now?

巴夏：莎莎妮社会的其他成员正在被传讯，我的家人没有其他成员，除了偶尔你会听到我父亲在罕见的情况下传讯。

问：你有兄弟姐妹吗？

Do you have siblings?

巴夏：是的，我有一个姐姐，她正致力于创建新生村庄的想法，这些村庄不时出现，让莎莎妮的孩子出生。

Yes, I have a sister that is engaged in the idea of the creation of the birthing villages that crop up now and then to allow Sasani children to be born.

问：还有其他人吗？

巴夏：还有其他人，现在不是我谈论他们的时候。

There are others, it is not time for me to talk about them.

问：好吧，为什么你在一个平行的现实中，距离天狼星500光年，而不仅仅是距离天狼星座500光年？

Okay, and why is it that you're in a parallel reality, 500 light years from Sirius, and not just 500 light years from Sirius constellation?

巴夏：不，你误解了我们所说的话。我们处于一个平行的现实中。如果你与现实重叠的话，我们的太阳系距离地球大约500光年，朝向猎户座。

No, you have misunderstood what we have said.We are in a parallel reality. Our solar system is about, if you were to overlap the realities, 500 light years in the direction of the Orion constellation from Earth.

我们从来没有说过我们离天狼星有500光年的距离。我们距离地球500光年，方向是猎户座，而不是天狼星。

We have never said we are 500 light years away from Sirius. We are 500 light years away from Earth in the direction of the Orion constellation, not in the direction of Sirius.

问：然后对于那些来自其他种族的人，例如昂宿星团，为了支持人类而化身为人类，他们离开人体后会做什么？他们会在昴宿星意义上重新体现并重新加入他们的原生家庭吗？

And for those beings from other races, Pleiadian for example, that have incarnated as a human in order to support humanity, what will they do after they leave the human body?Will they re-embody and rejoin their original family in the Pleiadian sense?

巴夏：嗯，他们中的一些人可能会，有些人可能不会。这取决于他们，不是吗？你在问这个问题，不管是谁在问，就好像他们做事只有一种方式。

Well, some of them may, some of them may not. It's up to them, isn't it? You're asking that question, whoever is asking it, as if there is simply one way for them to do things.

他们可以决定下一步要做什么。他们中的一些人可能会继续他们的昂宿星团之旅，一些人可能在地球上继续人类之旅。有些人可能会去其他地方。由个人来决定什么对他们的灵魂最有利。

They can decide what they will do next. Some of them may continue their Pleiadian journey, some of them may continue a human journey on Earth.some of them may go elsewhere. It's up to the individual to decide what is best for their soul.