巴夏：与巴夏接触
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月22日 06:00 辽宁
前言

在你们的振动场中有一种实际的生理效应，遇到像我们这样的振动场，它来自现实的一个维度，一个比你们的现实快十倍的平行现实。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2019年6月23日

问：所以我想这个问题引出了你描述的一个问题，即与某人达成协议，前往不明飞行物出现和降落的地点。

So I guess that question leads up to one that you described where there was an agreement with some person to go to a site where a UFO would appear and land.

巴夏：嗯，确切地说，他们要求我的飞船降落，而不仅仅是一艘不明飞行物。

Well, specifically they were asking for my craft to land, not just a UFO. 

问：好的。

Okay.

巴夏：当他们以为我们正在接近时，他们全都跑了。

And they all ran when they thought we were approaching. 

问：我向你保证我不会跑。

 I guarantee you I would not.

巴夏：没关系。我们现在不再签订这些协议。我们已经证明了我们的观点。

It doesn't matter. We are not making those agreements at this point anymore. We have proven our point.

问：证明了什么观点？

Proven what point? 

巴夏：人们还没有准备好接触。

People aren't ready. 

问：仅仅来自三次相遇的人们？

People just from three encounters?

巴夏：对。这就够了。我们已经进行了读数。现在，这是关于与我们会面。我们并不是说你们不能会见其他文明。

Yes. It's enough. We've taken a reading. Now, that's regarding meeting us.We're not saying there aren't others you can't meet.

问：我不会跑。

I would not run. 

巴夏：除了你不会逃离其他文明之外。我向你保证，你会逃离我们。

But you won't run from the others.I guarantee you you would run from us. 

问：我不这么认为。

I don't think so.

巴夏：我知道你不这么认为。

I know you don't. 

问：我完全肯定我不会。

I'm absolutely certain that I would not.

巴夏：我绝对肯定你会跑的。

And I am absolutely certain that you would. 

问：好吧。

Okay. 

图片

巴夏：因为你看，你现在在这里只收到我们能量的一小部分。这不是关于，再次，这与你头脑中没有准备好的想法无关。这不是我们要说的。我们要说的是，在你们的振动场中有一种实际的生理效应，遇到像我们这样的振动场，它来自现实的一个维度，一个比你们的现实快十倍的平行现实。即使你们在增加频率，它也还不够接近，无法让你们舒适地匹配我们的频率。

Because you see, you are right now only getting a fraction of a percentage of our energy here.It's not about the idea, again, that you're not ready in your own mind.That's not what we're saying. What we're saying is there is an actual physiological effect in your vibrational field encountering a vibrational field like ours that comes from a dimension of reality, a parallel reality that's ten times faster than yours.And even though you are increasing your frequency, it's not close enough yet to match our frequency comfortably enough for you.

与我们的振动场相遇或交织的想法，会造成在你们大脑中与生存相关的部分。这会导致它们爆发并做出反应，认为它们在某种程度上、体现或形式上受到攻击或即将死亡。因此，你们自然会激发生存本能，远离那种能量。这只是此时生理学振动效应的概念。所以我明白，从某种意义上说，你们中的许多人可能在你们的内心里、思想里、灵魂里已经非常做好了准备。但从生理上讲，在这一点上，在你们现实中发生的事情中，这不是我们能对你们做的。因为这会在你们的身体里引起生存恐惧休克反应，而这不是我们喜欢做的事情。

The idea of encountering or enmeshing your vibrational field with ours, would create within the parts of your brain that are connected to survival.It would cause them to flare up and react, thinking that they are in some way, shape, or form under attack or about to die.Therefore, you would naturally kick in the survival instinct and back away from that kind of an energy.It is simply the idea of a physiological vibrational effect at this time.So I understand that, in a sense, it's in your heart, in your mind, in your spirit, that many of you may be very ready.But physiologically, at this point, in what's going on in your reality, it is not something that we can do to you.Because it would cause a survival fear shock reaction in your bodies, and that's not something that we prefer to do.

图片

问：当然。我在我的意识和冥想中已经演练过很多次了。这就是为什么我确信我不会跑。

Of course. I've rehearsed this in my consciousness and meditation many, many times.And that's why I'm certain that I would not run. 

巴夏：我理解。那么，让我问你一个问题。你能想象现在和我在一起，你在大自然的某个地方吗？你能想象吗？

I understand. So let me ask you a question.Can you imagine with me right now that you are out in nature somewhere?Can you picture that? 

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：你正在沿着一条小路徒步旅行。对吗？也许你停下来，俯瞰着一些美丽的景色，站在那里感到平静和安宁。对吗？

You are hiking along a path. Yes. And perhaps you stop for a moment and you're overlooking some beautiful vista, and you're standing there feeling peaceful and calm.

问：对。

Yes.

巴夏：然后你听到身后传来一声低沉的咆哮。你转过身，有一只美洲狮，一只非常饥饿的美洲狮，正盯着你看。在那一刻你会有什么感觉？

And then you hear a low growl behind you. And you turn around and there is a mountain lion, a very hungry one, staring right at you.How would you feel at that moment? 

问：非常害怕。并且我了解到，如果这种情况发生在你身上，你会对那头狮子表现得咄咄逼人。

Quite frightened. And I have learned that if that happens to you, you act aggressively toward that lion.

巴夏：这不是重点。你承认你会感到非常害怕。

That's not the point. You admitted you would feel quite frightened. 

问：哦，当然。

Oh, absolutely. 

巴夏：你从我们这里体验到的能量就像看到十只美洲狮盯着你看，与害怕一只美洲狮的能量成正比。

The energy you would experience from us would be like seeing energy of being frightened about one.ten mountain lions staring at you, in proportion to that.

图片

问：为什么我会设想这就像我的立即死亡？

Why would I imagine that it would be like my immediate demise?

巴夏：这与你的想象无关。你没抓住重点。这是一种生理反应。这是一种生存机制，就像你刚刚承认的那样，如果你看到一只饥饿的美洲狮从几英尺外盯着你看，它也会开始生效。你甚至无法停止它。你只会感到害怕。因为你的生存机制会发挥作用。这是一种生理反应。这就是我们要说的。这与你当时的想象无关。如果你能完全到达一个位置和一种存在状态，在那里你可以完全覆盖这种生存机制，那么是的，你已经准备好了。但你必须完全覆盖它。对吗？

It's not about what you imagine. You're missing the point. It's a physiological reaction.It's a survival mechanism that kicks in, in the same way you just admitted it would kick in if you saw a hungry mountain lion staring at you from a few feet away.You just couldn't even stop it. You would just be frightened. Because your survival mechanism, your survival mechanism would kick in. It's a physiological reaction.That's what we're saying. It's not what you imagine that has anything to do with it at that point.If you can completely arrive at a place and a state of being where you can completely override that survival mechanism, then yes, you would be ready.But you would have to completely override it. Yes? 

问：我明白。

I understand.

巴夏：好的。这就是我们要说的。此时，你们大多数人都不能覆盖这种生存机制，在如此压倒性的能量场存在的情况下，你们的大脑会将其理解为会让你处于危险之中。即使它不会，即使你知道它不会。你的身体边缘系统会做出反应，就像你即将被捕食者吃掉一样。这就是为什么许多人如此害怕外星人，对我们有如此多的负面看法，关于我们征服你们的星球，把你们当作食物等等的想法。

All right. So that's all we're saying. At this point.most of you cannot override that survival mechanism that would kick in, in the presence of such an overwhelming energy field that your mind would interpret as something that would put you in danger, even though it wouldn't, even though you know it wouldn't.Even though it wouldn't, even though you know it wouldn't.Your physical limbic system would react as if you were about to be eaten by a predator.That's why many people are so afraid of extraterrestrials and have so many negative ideas about the idea of us, conquering your planet and using you for food and so on and so forth.

这是因为我们的能量与你们的能量的关系使你们的原始大脑部分对我们做出反应，就好像我们是捕食者，而你们是猎物一样。而且你们的生理形态还不一定能使这种振动变得平滑。所以你越跟随你的激情，你的振动就越高，你就越能听到身后的咆哮，然后转身说：“哦，你好，小猫”。然后更多美洲狮会说：“哦，好吧，你好，蝙蝠”。

Is because the relationship of our energy to yours makes your primitive brain sections react to us as if we are a predator and you are prey.And you haven't necessarily smoothed that vibration out yet in your physiological form.So the more you follow your passion, the more you raise your vibration, the more you'll be able to hear the growl behind you and turn around and go, oh, hello, kitty.And the more the mountain lion will go, oh, all right, well, hello, bat. 


图片




