戴罗尔（Darryl Anka）采访Part1：实相、意识与选择
原创 爱康Aikang 传送点 2020-05-22 20:15


这个采访是戴罗尔.安卡（Darryl Anka)-巴夏（Bashar）的传讯者，接受关于“待在暴风之眼”那场传讯会的采访。
（完整视频无法过审，所以分主题制作给大家。）
原视频信息：
?地址：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgzeKcOvPP4&t=749s
?首播开始于 2020年3月21日
标题：Bashar: "2020 is Going to be CRAZY!" A Message & Advice from 2019!Darryl Anka Explains - EXCLUSIVE!
（主持人前言）
主持人：

Right now on Higher Journeys with Alexis Brooks

这是“更高的旅程”，我是主持人艾力克萨斯布.鲁克斯。

Welcome back everyone to another episode of higher journeys 

欢迎大家回到新一期更高的旅程

and of course if it's your first time here welcome 

当然如果你是第一次收看的话，欢迎！                    

The interview that you're about to hear is a very special one for me 

接下来你们会听到的这个采访，对我来说是很特别的一个采访，

and I know it will be for you as well 

我想对你们来说也会是。

This is obviously a very timely one you’re soon going to find out why 

很显然，这个采访的时间点刚刚好，很快你就会知道为什么

If you are familiar with the what I'd like to call channeled wisdom of Bashar 

如果你熟悉，我更愿意称它为“巴夏的传讯智慧”的话，

You will undoubtedly know my next guest his name is Darryl Anka

你一定知道我的下一位嘉宾，他的名字是戴罗尔.安卡。

he has been channeling Bashar for nearly forty years about thirty seven years

他已经传讯了巴夏将近40年，大约37年

I had first of all i've had the pleasure of knowing Darryl for quite a few years now 

首先我很荣幸，我已经知道戴罗尔好几年了，而且...

Recently I had a chance to have a glimpse of a channeling that he did back in early 

最近，我有个机会看了他12月初的一次传讯。

December and that date is gonna be very important for you and you'll soon find out why 

这个日期很重要，等一下你就会发现为什么。

And what I heard was stunning 

我听到的内容 很惊人

What I heard was stunning it has to do let's just say I would call this a message

我听到的内容很惊人，这么说...

that presaged the times that were going through right now

我会把这个信息叫做 预言了现在我们正在经历的

I was stunned the hairs on my arm we're standing up 

我当时被惊艳到了,我手上的汗毛都竖了起来

And as soon as I heard the message I I said i've got to call Darryl and see if he'll speak with us about it.

一听到这个讯息，我就说我得给戴罗尔打电话，看他能不能和我们聊聊...

And I did call him up I said Darryl I really really would love

然后我打给了他，我说："戴罗尔我真的真的,真心希望你能来'旅程'，

to speak to the journey or speak to the audience about that powerful message 

或者和观众说一说这个强大的讯息...

What that was all about and what we do with it 

它究竟是关于什么，我们得到这个讯息能做些什么。"

  and what we do with it and he graciously accepted I'm so delighted 

 他欣然地接受了，我真的很高兴

Darryl has not had any interviews he's not talked about this particular channeling before

戴罗尔之前没有接受过关于那场传讯的采访

This will be the first time that he's discussed it 

这是他第一次讨论它

so I am ever so humbled and grateful that he decided to give us this wonderful talk 

所以我很谦逊并且很感谢他愿意和我们进行这次美妙的谈话

so we're gonna get right into it and by the way as you're seeing

This this is a premiere

所以我们就进入正题，顺便要说正如你所见，这是首播

It was so special and the timing obviously is so apropos .I knew I wanted to do something special with it 

这次首播很特别，时间点恰到好处，我一直想做些特别的

so I actually will be Present during the premiere so if you have any questions or  comments for me

所以这次首播我会在现场，如果你们有任何给我的问题或评论，我会很乐意

 I'll be happy to hang out with you and answer as best I can while we're listening along and watching 

我会和你们一边听、一边看、一边聊，我会尽我所能回答你们的问题。

Also I want to say we've got a big announcement Higher journeys has got a lot going on 

 我也要说我们有一个大通知，更高的旅程正在发生很多事，

Lots of wheels turning in the midst of all of this 

“车轮”正运行到一半。

So I know you're gonna want to stay for a whole discussion that I have with Darryl 

所以我知道你们会想全程看完我和戴罗尔的讨论

Because what he is imparting is powerful 

因为他在传达的信息很强大

But be sure you do because at the end i've got a special announcement 

一定要这么做，因为最后我有一个特别的通知

so with that and without further ado I now present to you my conversation with Darryl Anka.Enjoy.

好的话不多说，现在我向大家献上我和戴罗尔.安卡的对话。请享受。



（对话正式开始）

主持人：

Darryl I cannot tell you how grateful I am to have you on the show today   and it's such short notice 

戴罗尔我没办法告诉你我有多感谢你今天能来这个节目

please know that I appreciate that and I appreciate you and all that you do  

希望你知道我很感谢你能来并且很感谢你在做的一切



戴罗尔：

Thank you it's my pleasure and thank you for the opportunity I appreciate the ability to get information out there too

谢谢你，这是我的荣幸，谢谢你给我这个机会，

I appreciate the ability to get information out there too.

我也很感谢这个能力帮我得到资讯



主持人：

great well it's always good to have you

很棒，很棒，能有你当嘉宾、能见到你很棒。

now I know this is the first time you've agreed to be interviewed specifically to discuss what we're going to be getting 

我知道这是你第一次同意接受采访，讨论我们今天将会讨论的话题。

into today   and I am honored that you've granted me this interview for that reason so again thank you  

很荣欣你同意了接受我的采访，因此再一次感谢你。

now before we get into our very important topic for today I want to start by playing a short 

好的，在进入我们今天非常重要的主题之前，

but very powerful clip from a Bashar channeling 

我想以你传讯巴夏的一个简短而非常强大的短片作为开头

that you did and I want everyone to make note of this date it 

我希望你们注意这个传讯的日期

was done on December 8th of 2019 late last year now 

那是去年（2019年）12月底做的传讯

if you haven't seen this yet brace yourself for what you're about to hear because it's super important  

如果你还没看过，准备好你自己，因为你将听到的超级重要

 so let's first pause here and briefly watch and listen to this we'll be right back  

那我们先在这里暂停，简短地看一下这个片段。我们马上回来。



巴夏：

We would like each and every one of you to know.

我们想让 你们每一个人都知道，

How important it is for you to truly be yourselves in the coming year.

在接下来的这一年里，对你来说，真实地做你自己有多重要，

How important it will be for you to make decisions  

that are in alignment with your best discernment.

做出与你的最佳洞察力相一致的决定 有多重要，

How important it will be and how important it is for you to remain at the center of the storm .

现在和将来，保持在这个暴风雨的中心，对你来说 有多重要。

Because if I may use some of your colloquial language 2020 is going to be nuts .

因为，如果可以话，用你的白话表达就是

2020会像发疯了一样，

It's going to be crazy .

会很疯狂。

And it is of paramount importance that you remain if you wish to be on a certain train  in the eye of the storm where it's calm  

并且，如果你愿意的话，待在暴风雨之眼中心的某辆火车上，

是最为重要的（最首要的），那里是平静的，

where peace and solitude reigns 

安宁和平 与 享受与自己相处  主宰了那里

where even though you may see the storm raging all around you 

在那里，虽然你可能会看见 狂暴的暴雨在四周咆哮，

swirling around you 

暴风雨在四周盘旋

thundering and lightning all around you  

电闪雷鸣 在你四周

it is more important than ever before 

比以往任何时候都重要，

and more important than it will be for quite a long time

而且未来一段时间里，比以后任何时候都重要的，

during this crossing during this threshold during this pivotal year 

是在这个穿越期，在这个零界期，

在这个关键之年（pivotal:关键的，枢纽的）

to be at peace within yourself 

你的内在安宁平和

to be calm within yourself  

你自己内在平静淡定

to be centered within the eye of the storm 

集中在这个暴风之眼（以风暴之眼为中心）





so we would HIGHLY encourage each and every one of you to really take stock of who you really are  

所以我们会强烈建议你们每一个人，

去 真正地 对你究竟是谁 做出评估

and what kind of decisions you really choose to make  

还有你真正选择做出的 究竟是什么样的决定

and how they are or are not in alignment with what you truly wish your world to be 

以及它们与你真实希望 你的世界的样子 一致还是不一致



主持人：

Now Darryl I'm not gonna spend any time nor do I think it's necessary to focus on the fact that obviously Bashar nailed this.

戴罗尔我不会花时间或关注于这个事实，就是显然巴夏切中了要点。

Given what's happening right now indeed he did and 

考虑到现在发生的一切，他的确却切中了要点。

Yes,folks some clearly have a view from the mountaintop so to speak 

是的，大家，一些从“山顶”清晰地看到的观点，可以说。

as to what will likely be playing out in our so-called future this is definitely the case here 

至于我们称为的“未来”可能会发生什么，这绝对是这个情况

 but what I want to most focus on is the core of the message that I know Bashar and

但是我最想关注的是这个讯息的核心，我知道巴夏和你戴罗尔

 you Darryl wants so much for everyone to hear and to heed without any delay whatsoever 

很想要每个人听到或毫不犹豫地留意到...或者不是...

so let's...if we can take this as the first point to discuss in this short message  

所以让我们...如果可以的话，把这个作为这个简短讯息的第一个讨论点

what was very clear here is what he was trying to convey is the importance of getting

可以很清楚的知道的是，他尝试着传达的是进入中心的重要性

into the center placing yourself at the center of this storm where it's calm 

把你自己放在风暴平静的中心

we know that this term is used somewhat figuratively 

我们知道这说法是象征性的

and I'm sure there are some who might say heck I'd rather run away from this storm that we're in right now 

而且我确定有人会说，糟糕我宁愿远离这个风暴

and run away from the... then rather than get right in the middle of it  

也不要跑到风暴的中心  

so let's talk about that first and how one would I don't know psychologically and even spiritually 

 所以我们先来讨论它好了，一个人如何才能，我不知道...

put themselves at the center what does that look like 

心理上，甚至精神上让自己在风暴中心，那是什么样的？



戴罗尔：

Well，I think the idea is that what's going on in our world today is not something that we can run away from .

我想这个观点是，当今世界发生的事情不是什么我们 能够 逃离的

therefore the calmest place is the eye of the storm 

因此，最平静的地方就是暴风之眼，

and like he said chaos may be swirling all around us 

像他说过的，混乱可能在我们四周打旋，

but if we stay in the center obviously also metaphorically the center of our own being

但如果我们待在中心，显然也是隐喻我们自己 存在状态 的中心，

that's where we're going to be able to handle everything that's going on no matter how chaotic it gets 

在那里我们将能够处理所有正在发生的事，无论四周多混乱。

We have to really face and take responsibility for the decisions we make and the beliefs we hold to be true.

So I think the bottom line is you know we have to really  face in what's happening in the world.

所以我认为最低限度是 你知道 我们必须真正面对这世界正在发生的什么

我们必须真正面对 我们做出的决定和我们持有的信念，并为之负责

that determine the kind of reality we experience 

那将决定我们经历哪种实相

and as Bashar often says it's not so much a matter of what's happening 

而且正如巴夏经常说，这与正在发什么其实没多大关系

but it's a matter of what you do with what's happening

而与面对正在发生的事，你怎么做有关

 that makes the difference in your experience of our physical reality 

那会影响你在我们的物理实相里经历到的有所不同

So his encouragement to remain in the center of our being ,to maine remain  in the center of the eye of 

所以他鼓励保持在我们存在状态的”中心“，保持在风暴之眼

the storm that's now raging all around us and may take many different forms in this year  .

现在风暴在我们周围咆哮并且这一年里可能以很多不同的形式呈现

I think probably is the wisest advice because there's just nowhere to run to 

我认为这可能是最明智的建议，因为其实没有别的地方可去

We are of the world.We are in the world.We are making the world what it is.

我们属于这个世界 我们在这个世界里 

我们正在创造这个世界成为它的样子

and I think it's about being centered enough so that we can make more 

我认为它是关于足够集中（回到自己的中心）

positive and responsible decisions  

这样我们就可以做出更正向、更负责任的决定，

about how this world moves forward 

关于这个世界如何前进



主持人：

Absolutely ,very well said .

确实，说得好。

You know  Darryl Bashar describes this time in our history as quote pivotal  

戴罗尔你知道巴夏描述我们历史上这个时间为双引号的“枢纽”。

（pivotal：枢纽的、关键的、中枢的）

we are at a threshold he says a crossing and something is obviously on the other side of this has to be  

我们在一个零界点（门槛），他说，一个交叉口。

彼端明显会有什么，肯定会有。

我们在面对的风波。

and I really think in my estimation this is less about the very physical 3d crisis that we're facing right now .And more about the metaphysical implications and the collective disposation of our very species.

我真的认为，根据我自己的估计，这并不只是关于现在这个3D物理世界里

更多的是关于超心理学（玄学）的含义，以及关于我们这个特定物种，集体的倾向。

Do you agree with that and if so can you talk about that a little bit 

你同意吗?如果同意的话你能稍微谈一谈吗？



戴罗尔：

Well yes in general although you know I would always remind everyone as he would that 

是的,大体而言。虽然，你知道，我总是提醒每个人就像他（巴夏）那样，

physical reality is a reflection  of what's going on in our belief systems and our in our energy  

物理实相是一个反射，它反射的是我信念系统里和能量正在发生的样子。

so it's not so much about only looking at the metaphysical side of it 

所以不完全仅仅是看到超心理学（玄学）的面向

but understanding that yes of course there are energetic causes to this that initiate what's going on in physical reality as a reflection of our beliefs of our actions of our choices.

而是明白，是的当然了，这里面有能量层面的原因，开启了物质实相它作为我们信念、行动、选择的反射中发生的事。

So those two things have to be sort of melded together not so much one over the other.

所以这两者融合到了一起，而不是一个盖过另一个。

Again physical reality from Bashar's perspective is really nothing more than a mirror of the energetic state of being that we choose to be in based on the beliefs we hold to be true whether positive or negative. 

因为，又一次（提及这个问题），物理现实从巴夏的视角来看，真的只是面镜子 在反映我们选择存在的能量状态。

这个能量状态以我们选择去相信的最真实的东西为基础，无论正面或负面。

So I think we have to look at both things because  the reflections

所以我想我们要同时看两者，因为物理现实的反射可以被用作我们的指引,

in physical reality can be used to guide us by showing us what the consequences of our decisions are.

通过展现给我们看，我们的选择的结果。



主持人：

Wow the word choose is what stands out for me  

哇哦！用语的选择让我印象深刻，

I mean look we've got so many people everybody particularly in our space right now is  

我的意思是,我周边现在有很多人 尤其是很多神职人员在说这是什么如何应对

on the pulpit so to speak talking about what this is what this isn't how to deal with it  

and the word choice is a very interesting word right now 

在现在 ”选择“这个词很有意思

some field Daryl that at a very very deep and unconscious level 

在某些领域，戴罗尔，在很深很深的无意识的层面

that we collectively created this scenario，for myriod of reasons we choose it.

我们集体创造了这个场景,因为五花八门的原因我们选择了它

what are your thoughts about

你对此的想法...



戴罗尔：

Well we have to be careful how we use that word choose.Because it can be misunderstood did that intentionally like oh we wanted this right no that's the choice means 

恩...我们必须谨慎使用"选择"一词，因为可能被误解成：“我们有意地那样做了，我们想要这样”。

不，这不是选择的意思。

Some people might think that when they hear us say you know we chose this that we 

有些人可能认为，当他们听到你说“我们选择了这个或那个”，

what choice means in this context is that whatever it is we truly believe to be true

在这个语境里，“选择”的意思是：任何 我们相信是真实的 事物

 and that also goes with what we are afraid is true 

当然那也包括 我们恐惧是真实的 事物

 is going to have a reflective consequence in physical reality 

它们都会带来在物理实相中相应的反射结果

So the idea of choice is...and this can be unconscious it doesn't have to be conscious .

所以"选择"这个概念是...而且这可能是无意识地，不一定是有意识地

We might be unconsciously choosing to buy into things that are out of alignment with 

我们可能无意识地选择接纳/相信一些信念/事物，

Who we truly are or who we prefer to be 

而这些信念/事物与我们真实的、更喜欢的自己不一致。

and it's those choices to hold on to things that are out of alignment with us that caused the consequence 

正是那些“选择”抓住了某些与我们不一致的事物，

导致了某些结果。

It's not necessarily saying that we specifically chose this particular reflection 

并不是说我们特别 选择了这个反射

But if we choose beliefs that are out of alignment choose beliefs that are negative in energy 

但是如果我们选择相信那些在能量上是负面的，

相信那些与我们不一致的信念的话

Then this is going to...these kinds of things are going to be the consequences of those choices  

那么这就会...这类的事情就会是那些选择的相应结果

it's not the specific reflection that we necessarily choose although we can 

不一定是我们特别选择了这种特定反射，虽然我们有能力那样做。

But it's more about the belief systems that we choose to hold on to  that don't serve us

而更多的是我们选择抓住对我们不凑效的信念体系，导致了某些结果。

 that cause consequences 

 that then can be used to guide us to make us realize that we are in fact 

那么（然后）它就能被用作一个工具去指导我们，帮助我们意识到

maybe unconsciously holding on to fear-based beliefs 

我们其实可能无意识地抓住了“基于恐惧的”信念

that cause these kinds of reflections to happen and that can happen in a number of ways 

那些信念导致了这些类似的反射发生，而且它可以以多种方式发生

So it's not about specifically choosing the reflection 

所以这不是关于特别选择了某个反射

But it is about choosing to hold on to beliefs that don't work for us that are fear-based and negative  

而是关于 选择了对我们不凑效的，以恐惧为出发点的 负面信念。

