巴夏Bashar：我们的飞船为什么还没降落
Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2016-07-25
图片

更多精彩内容，点击标题下方无限宇宙之爱关注我们



图片




翻译：Ashitaka



A lot of us would like you to land your ships now, Bashar.

问：现在我们很多人希望你能降落你的飞船



巴夏：

Before we physically land on your planet, we would suggest you take a good look around your world. We then would ask you this: Would you want to land in the middle of a war zone? For without meaning to be derogatory in any way, your entire world is a war zone...

在我们物理现身降落你们星球之前，我们会建议你看看你们的世界，然后，我们会问你：你会想要降落在战区中心吗？不以任何方式贬损的含义，你们的整个世界是一个战场…



We therefore make whatever contacts can be made individually when the opportunities arise, and we do so quietly -- allowing the information to filter in, and soothing the raging fires of your world. Then by the time the fires are banked, we may land on Earth and openly communicate with you.

因此，当机会出现的时候，我们会做个人的接触，我们会暗中进行，允许信息过滤，舒缓你们世界猛烈的热情，等到热情堆积起来，我们会降落地球和公开的与你们交流



As we have often indicated to you, this time is approaching; within the next two to three decades this can be a relatively common thing. But right now, by many of your own admissions, in the general cross-section of your society you do not want such widespread interaction. Your society is not structured to handle it. It would cause -- in our estimation of your energy in general -- a destructurization of a negative sort, where there would still be fear and panic, where there would still be self-doubt and the belief that your reality is not in your hands. We do not want you believing we might be something greater than you, for far too many of you would be too willing to give over your power to us. We do not want it, thank you. 

正如我们经常向你指出的，这个时间正在接近，在未来的两三十年内（这篇信息出处比较早了，好像二千年的时候），这可能是一个相对普通的事情。但是现在，按照你们很多人的坦白，在你们一般典型的社会，你们不希望这种广泛的互动，你们社会没有机构来处理它，这会导致，在我们评估你们能量总体来说——无序，较差的负面性，其中仍然有恐惧和恐慌，其中仍然会有自我怀疑和“你们的现实是不是在你们的手中”的信念。我们不希望你们相信我们某些方面是比你们更伟大，因为太多的人会愿意放弃你们的力量并交给我们。我们不想要它，谢谢。



We have enough of our own -- all that we need to live the lives we have chosen to live.

Our methodology is to use what you would call the tried and true method. It is the reflection to you of your own power so that each of you, individually and collectively, can make the decision as to whether or not you want to interact with us as a society. That is completely up to you.

我们有足够的我们自己的-所有我们选择所需要的生活。我们的方法是使用你会称之为经过实践出真知的方法。它是你们自己的力量的反射，让你们每个人，个人和集体，可以决定你们作为一个社会是否想与我们互动。这完全取决于你。



 Should you decide no,we will be on our way. It is our perception, however, that you are deciding yes, and so we "hang around." Do understand: in all the interactions we have shared with you we have been more than willing, and quite ecstatic, to experience and express the interchange of love, and to be of assistance in reflecting back to you what you already know about the power you have to create the lives you want to create. But it is not really our mission to provide this information. The idea is to establish relations, and that is what has been done. 

如果你们决定不，我们将继续在我们的路上。然而这是我们的感知，你的决定了是，所以我们“闲逛”。请明白：所有我们与你们分享的互动，我们都非常乐意，而且很高兴，去体验和表达爱的交换，并被反射回你力量帮助你去创造你想要的生活。但它不是我们真正的使命去提供这种信息。我们的使命是建立关系，这已经完成了。



In communicating this way, and establishing "foreign relations" with you, we are accomplishing our primary goal. As we have suggested before, the idea is that we choose to remain obscure so that we are not looked upon as your saviors. We are not here to save you; you do not need saving! We are not here to run things, to live your lives for you. We have our own lives, and are very busy, thank-you-very-much! 

以这种方式沟通，并与你们建立“外交关系”，我们正在实现我们的主要目标。正如我们之前所建议的，我们之所以选择默默无闻，以便我们不被你们看作是救世主。我们不是来救你们的，你们不需要拯救！我们不是在这里运作事情，为了你而活。我们有自己的生活，而且很忙，非常感谢你！



We have no time to take responsibility for living your lives as well. But we do love you; we do desire that your world and our worlds shall one day soon explore together all that exists in the Infinite Creation, as we already do with many other civilizations. And when you determine as a group that we can interact as equals, we will then do just that.

我们也没有时间来负责你们的生活。但我们确实爱你们，我们渴望你们的世界和我们的世界不久的将来有一天一起探索所有无限造物中的存在，如同我们已经与许多其他文明一样。当你们决定作为一个团体，那样我们可以平等地互动，然后我们将会这样做的。