巴夏：什么是昆达里尼？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-10-01 23:21



问：你好，巴夏，我叫克里斯，

Hello Bashar, My name's Chris.



今天我在英国的威尔士和你讲话。

And I am speaking with you today from Wales in the United Kingdom



这个问题我想问你至少五年了，

The question I have is a question I've wanted to ask you for at least five years,



所以我很高兴终于能从你那里得到答案，

So I'm so happy to finally be getting an answer from you,



问题是什么是昆达里尼？

The question is what is Kundalini?



我还想问几个后续问题，它有多重要？它从何而来？

And I'd like to ask a number of sub questions as well, how relevant is it? where does it come from?



你们的文明有吗？

Do you have it in your civilization?



人类能在没有它的情况下进化吗？

Can humans evolve without it?



为什么有些人能唤醒它？而有些人却不能？等等。

Why do some people awaken it? and some people not? Etc.



我很荣幸能够问你这些问题，并为这么多听众回答这个问题，作为我们灵性之旅的一部分。

I'd be so privileged to be able to ask you these questions, and answer this question for so many of your listeners as a part of our spiritual journey.



非常感谢！

Thank you so much!



图片


巴夏：昆达里尼的意思是在那一刻百分之百地对齐你自己的能量，

The idea of Kundalini is simply an alignment of your own energy one hundred percent in that moment,



它通常会沿着脊柱上升。

And it typically will shoot up the spinal column.



当你身体中的所有脉轮系统都对齐，并和谐地振动时，

When all of the chakra systems in your body are aligned and vibrating in harmony,



这是对齐后的谐波共振响应，

It's a harmonic resonant response to alignment,



不是每个人此生都要经历这些。

Now not everyone in life has to experience that.



但是能量一直在那里，那样对齐的潜力一直在那里，

But the energy is always there and the potential is always there to align in that way,



去感受那股能量，那是瞬间扩展的时刻，那是瞬间意识到你充满力量的时刻，

to feel that surge of energy that is the moment of instant expansion and instant awareness of the fullness of your power,



那是瞬间意识到你充满能量的时刻，你完美存在的时刻，

the fullness of your energy, the fullness of your being,



它可以是伴随着你频率的提升发生，

It can be something that coincides with arising of your frequency,



可以说是扬升的过程。

The Ascension process so to speak.



但是不同的人做事的方式不同，并不是每个人都必须经历你所说的昆达里尼的体验，

But again different people do things in different ways and not everyone has to experience it as the Kundalini experience you're referring to,



有不同的方式来体验那种能量的对齐。

There are different ways to experience the alignment of that energy.