原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-12-08 23:07




译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：未知




问：我想请你多解释一点能量流和颜色。我想知道是否有特定的颜色代表特定的器官。你能告诉我们更多的信息吗？

Q:  I would like you to explain a little bit more about the energy flows, the colors.  I'm wondering if there is a specific color for a specific organ.  Can you tell us a little bit more about that?


巴夏：谢谢。你会发现，首先，总会有，如你所说，某种对不同振动形式的特定的认同感。正如你对颜色的理解那样，它只是振动的不同形式。真的，我会说，首先，每件事，每一个想法，每一个物体，每一个现实，每一个维度，每一种你拥有的感知，还有你自己——都是相同的整体原始能量的不同能量振动。你明白我的意思吗?

B:  Thank you.  You will find, first of all, that there will always be, as you say, some sense of specific identification with various forms of vibration.  As you understand color, ‘tis only various forms of vibration.  Really, I will say, first of all, everything -- every idea, every object, every reality, every dimension, every, every perception that you have and you yourself -- are simply different vibrations of energy of the same overall primal energy.  Do you follow me?



问：恩。

Q:  Yes.



巴夏：好的。因此，你可以理解，在你的整体振动中——那构成了你的肉体感觉，就是你的物质身体。你将永远与存在的各种其它振动水平相互交织、相互交错、相互作用，这样你就可以从不同的视角、不同的实相状态来了解你自己。因此，你将向外改变你的结构，在某种意义上，你会包含许多振动模式，这些振动模式转换给你就是各种物理的颜色。

B:  All right.  Therefore, you may understand that within your overall vibration -- that which you constitute to your physical senses as your physical body -- you will always intermesh, interweave and cause interaction with various other vibrational levels of existence, so that you may understand yourself from various points of view, from various states of reality.  Therefore, you will vary your structure outward;  you will contain, in a sense, many vibratory patterns, which will transfer to you as various colors physically.



你会看到，这种让你自己沉浸在某个特定的振动中的整体感觉，会让你感觉等同于不同的现实。换句话说，允许你自己与某个特定的现实形成一种亲和力，一种平等，如果你允许你自己观察那种颜色，那种振动，并理解那种感觉，那种振动已经成为了你。

You will see that an overall sense of imbuing yourself with a particular vibration will allow you to feel identical to various realities.  You will, in other words, allow yourself to form an affinity, an equality with a specific reality, if you allow yourself to simply view that color, that vibration, and understand that that feeling, that vibration has become you.



你会发现，就你的物质形态而言，你将能够利用，正如你所说的，绿色用于一般的放松和疗愈目的。然而，当你允许自己等同于你所说的蓝色/蓝紫色的色彩范围时，你将在某种意义上将自己与某些想法在灵性上对齐一致，这些想法也可以在你的物质形态中显化出对齐一致。你明白我的意思吗?

You will find that in terms of your physical form you will be able to utilize, as you say, your color green for general relaxing, healing purposes.  Although realize that when you allow yourself to identify with what you term to be the blue/blue-violet range, you will be in a sense aligning yourself spiritually with certain ideas which can also manifest an alignment in your physical form.  Do you follow me?



问：明白，谢谢！。

Q:  Yes, I do.  Thank you.

