巴夏：感恩的频率
25.11.27
在完美的欣赏和感恩中。你的频率通常超过每秒200000个周期。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2025年11月22日

问：然后对于一些人来说，他们觉得自己过着非常艰难的生活，但也许他们有时会觉得生活太美好了，他们知道一种巨大的喜悦和类似的事情，但后来它消失了，然后他们又回到了另一种体验中。你能和我们分享一下它的好处吗？如何以有益的方式使用它，而不是因为你的生活不是每时每刻都保持这种状态而感到沮丧。

And, and for some people who feel they're living a very tough life, but then perhaps they have moments where life just feels so wonderful and they know a great joy and things like that, but then it fades away and then they're back in their other experience.Can you share with us what the benefit, how to use that in a beneficial way instead of feeling disappointed that your life doesn't stay that way every moment.

巴夏：这个想法再次是，你的精神团队会根据信息向你提供帮助，向你展示什么是可能的。所以你会继续为之努力。这不是关于因为你在振动中倒退而感到失望。这个想法是在你被赋予的愿景中狂欢和庆祝，庆祝你可能实现什么，达到什么水平。

The idea again is that you are given help given information from your spirit team to show you what's possible. So you will keep striving for it.It's not about being disappointed that you go back down in vibration. The idea is to revel and celebrate in the vision you've been given of what is possible for you to achieve to go for what level you can achieve .


如果你愿意回去吸取教训，以更积极的方式面对挑战。因此，利用那些时刻的能量，你的精神团队帮助你体验到的那些时刻的振动状态，当你，将其应用于挑战，引用未引用的内容，倒退频率，这样你就可以学会越来越频繁地为自己创造这种状态。它们只是让你瞥见你的可能性，但你必须为自己创造。所以，放下沮丧，尽情狂欢和庆祝，因为你知道自己在振动中的目标是什么，因为你已经得到了一个明确的、关于真实自我状态的愿景和体验。


If you're willing to go back and learn your lessons, face your challenges in a more positive way. So use the energy of those moments, the vibrational state of those moments that your spirit team has helped you experience to apply that to the challenges when you quote unquote, go back down so that you can learn to create that state more and more and more often for yourself.For yourself, they're just giving you glimpses of what's possible for you, but you have to create that for yourself. So let go of the disappointment and revel and celebrate in the idea that you know what you're aiming for vibrationally because you've been given in no uncertain terms, a vision and an experience of the state of your true self.

所以，正如我们所说，以冷静、自信、好奇心和创造力面对你的挑战。然后别想，哦，现在我倒退了。你决定面对这些挑战，你决定成长。但至少，要感谢你的精神团队给了你一个机会，让你知道自己能做什么。这应该激励你，鼓舞你，而不是让你感到失望，因为你没有全天候地体验它。这就是你如何使用它。这就是你以积极的方式使用这些体验的方式。

So face your challenges as we say with calmness, confidence, curiosity and creativity.And don't think about the idea that oh, now I'm back down. You decided to face these challenges, you decided to grow. But at the very least, be grateful and thankful for the fact that your spirit team is giving you an opportunity to know what you're capable of. That should spur you on and inspire you, not make you feel disappointed because you're not experiencing it 24 seven.That's how you use it. That's how you use those experiences in a positive way. 


问：当你提到感恩时，比如一个对美好经历深表感激的人的振动频率是多少。

When you mentioned gratitude, like what is the vibrational frequency of a person who is in deep gratitude for beautiful experience.

巴夏：字面上的频率？

The literal frequency?

问：我想，你知道，每秒的周期数。

I guess, you know, cycles per second.

巴夏：是的，字面上的频率。在完美的欣赏和感恩中。你的频率通常超过每秒200000个周期。

Yes,the literal frequency. In perfect appreciation and gratitude.You are usually above 200,000 cycles per second. 

问：所以，无论你身上发生了什么，如果你能找到一个地方，让你对自己正在经历的事情或生活中发生的事情心存感激。并真正地拥抱它，这是一个非常强大的门口，可以远离较低的振动状态。

So, regardless of what's happening to you if you can find a place where you find something to be grateful for of what you're experiencing or what's happening in your life.And really in embrace that that is a very strong doorway from leaving a lower vibrational state.

图片
巴夏：对。因为记住，正如我们所说，祈祷是一种对你当下所拥有的东西的欣赏和感激的状态。这不是请求你没有的东西。祈祷是一种对你是谁、你已经拥有的东西的欣赏和感激的状态。这就是吸引更多美好的状态。

Yes. Because remember, as we have said, prayer is a state of present appreciation and gratitude for what you have.It's not about asking for something you don't have. Prayer is a present state of appreciation and gratitude for who you are, what you have already.That's what attracts more. 

问：这非常有帮助。

That's very helpful.


