巴夏：敲响贝尔岩
图片                                             

前言

“当我们谈论敲响贝尔岩的想法时，我们刚刚描述的是发出适当的频率并获得反馈，收到响声。让贝尔岩响起，门户响起，这样你就知道它是开放的，并让你进入其他意识层面，其他现实维度。”

关于克奇那Kachina

克奇那神，这是北美霍皮族印地安人所崇拜的雨神，相传也是他们的祖先，每每在丰收、狩猎、庆祝等等时节，就会有族人穿上克奇那神的装扮，请全族的人一起来唱歌跳舞庆祝。克奇那神，也作Katcinas ，也有译作卡奇那神。


图片
        接下来是精彩视频
                      译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                  传讯时间：2023年9月10日

巴夏：好的，我要在你们的这一天向你们问好，你们都好吗？好的。好的。让我们继续传讯。这一次，这个部分名为“敲响贝尔岩”。

alright.I'll say good day to this day of your time.How are you all? alright，alright.Let us continue the transmission. This time, this segment titled Ringing the Bell.

我们正在讨论漩涡中心贝尔岩的概念，以及为什么我们的飞船位于其上方。这个漩涡与许多其他漩涡相连，这些漩涡在它周围形成了一个半圆，分布在西南部和北美大陆的西部。

We are talking about the idea of Bell Rock, the center of the vortex, and why our ship is positioned above that.This vortex is connected to many others that form kind of a semicircle around it, spreading out across the lower southwest and to the west of your North American continent.

但塞多纳漩涡是我们正在添加能量的漩涡，以帮助平衡转化的能量，使你们在漩涡中更平滑、更容易地转化，以更积极的方式使用漩涡。

But the Sedona Vortex being the one that we are adding our energy to, to help balance out the energy of transformation, to make it smoother and easier for you to transform within the vortex, to use the vortex in more positive ways

处理当你带进漩涡时发生的放大和扩大，无论是正面的还是负面的，这样你就可以放下那些不一致的东西，融入更多与你喜欢成为的人一致的东西。

to deal with the magnification and amplification that happens when you bring into that vortex whatever it is, positive or negative, that you bring in with you, so that you can let go of those things that are out of alignment and incorporate more of the things that are in alignment with who you prefer to be.

现在，塞多纳漩涡连接到犹他州一个非常强大的门户，该地区被称为“隆起圆丘”。

Now the Sedona Vortex connects to a very powerful portal in the area known as Upheaval Dome in Utah.

图片
这是一个非常大的强大门户，允许我们可能称之为来自其他维度、其他现实的大量信息流量通过或到达你们的现实。

This is a powerful portal that is very large, that allows for what we might call a lot of traffic from other dimensions, other realities, to pass through or arrive in to your reality.

这就是为什么它涉及了最近被你们称为剥皮行者牧场的地区，也是为什么那里发生了很多事情，现在都在被你们发现。

This is why it encompasses the area also known to you lately as Skinwalker Ranch, and why there are many things happening there that are now being discovered by all of you.

这些门户可供那些了解如何设置正确的频率进入它们并通过它们的人使用。你们开始发现，1.6 GHz的频率使你在广播时能够获得门户打开的反馈信号。

These portals are available to those who understand how to set up the right frequency to enter them, to pass through them.and you're beginning to discover that the frequency of 1.6 gigahertz is what allows you, when broadcasting, to get a feedback signal that the portal has opened.

这就是反馈信号所代表的。门户的打开，当你听到反馈时，你就知道门户是打开的。所以投射特定的频率并获得反馈可以让你知道门户允许通过。

That is what the feedback signals represent. The opening of the portal, when you hear the feedback, you know the portal is open.So projecting that particular frequency and getting the feedback is what lets you know that the portal is allowing passage.

隆起圆丘是一个撞击坑，它在该区域产生了一定的磁效应，使电磁入口能够存在于不同的维度之间。

Upheaval Dome is an impact crater that has created certain magnetic effects in that area that allows the electromagnetic portal to exist between dimensions.

当我们谈论敲响贝尔岩的想法时，我们刚刚描述的是发出适当的频率并获得反馈，收到响声。

And when we talk about the idea of ringing the bell, it is what we have just described as sending out the proper frequency and getting the feedback, getting the ring.

让贝尔岩响起，门户响起，这样你就知道它是开放的，并让你进入其他意识层面，其他现实维度。

making the bell ring, the portal ring, so that you know it is open and gives you access to other levels of consciousness, other dimensions of reality.

因此，尽管它还没有被尝试，但将来会被尝试，将该频率投射到塞多纳漩涡的想法也会带来许多惊喜和体验。

And therefore, though it hasn't yet been tried, but will be tried in the future, the idea of taking that frequency and projecting it in the Sedona Vortex will also create many surprises and many experiences.

让你能够继续编译更多的数据，更多的了解和更多的信息，了解这些漩涡是如何工作的，以及它们可以让你连接到什么。谢谢你同时敲响钟声。

that will allow you to continue to compile more data, more understanding and more information about how these vortices work and what they can allow you to connect to.Thank you for your synchronous ringing of the bell.

因此正如你的程序中所展示的那样，你不仅可以用技术来做到这一点，而且你也可以通过在贝尔岩周围形成一个集会。

And so, not only can you do this with technology, as demonstrated in your programs, but you can also do it within yourselves by forming a gathering around Bell Rock.

让自己在想象中创造OM振动，然后将其物理地向外投射，OM，但在你这样做的时候，你知道你从想象中赋予它1.6 GHz的频率。

and allowing yourself in your imagination to create the OM vibration and then projecting it physically outward, OM, but knowing while you're doing that, that you impart to it from your imagination the 1.6 GHz frequency.

让OM将频率带入贝尔岩，穿透它，并添加到它的核心电磁涡流中。所以只要做你正常的OM唱诵，你正常的冥想吟唱，但通过想象并将1.6 GHz的频率投射到其中。

Let the OM carry the frequency into Bell Rock, penetrating it and adding to the electromagnetic vortex that it is the heart of.So just by doing your normal OMing, your normal meditative chanting, but by imagining and projecting the 1.6 GHz frequency into it.

你就可以开始体验一些变化，一些频率变化，一些反馈变化，一些感觉，一些转变，一些体验，尤其是打开通往你梦想时间的门户。

 you can begin to experience some changes, some frequency changes, some feedback changes, some feelings, some shiftings, some experiences, especially in opening up the portal to your dream time.

看看你梦想时间里发生了什么，让你开始与许多其他维度、许多其他存有进行以太连接，然后让它慢慢渗透到你的物理现实中，在物理现实的梦境中变得越来越清晰。

and seeing what happens in your dream time that allows you to begin to connect etherically with many other dimensions, many other beings, and then let it slowly leak into your physical reality, becoming more and more lucid in the physical reality dream.

所以这是一个过程，但你可以从围绕钟岩吟唱开始，想象这个频率被投射到岩石和电磁涡流中。你们明白了吗？好的。

So it is a process, but you can begin it by chanting around Bell Rock and imagining that frequency being projected into the stone and into the electromagnetic vortex.Do you understand? All right.

现在，如果你看看贝尔岩自然形成的结构，你可以看到，尽管它实际上看起来并不相似。如果你把吉萨大金字塔放在贝尔岩上，你会看到一些相似的比例。

Now if you look at the configuration also of the natural formation of Bell Rock, you can see that even though it doesn't actually appear to be similar.if you were to take, let us say, the Great Pyramid of Giza and overlap it on Bell Rock, you would see some similar proportions.

图片
这个想法是底部宽，顶部窄，正好以适当的角度来创建漩涡，因为从某种意义上说，它模仿了圆形的形式，与金字塔也创建的想法也相同。所以这就像有一个由天然石头组成的圆形金字塔，它被电磁激活。

The idea is wide at the base, narrow at the top, in precisely the appropriate angles to create the vortex because it is mimicking, in a sense, in a round formation, the same idea that the pyramid creates as well.So it is like having a circular pyramid of natural stone that is electromagnetically activated.

所以你可以把贝尔岩视为一种金字塔，尽管它看起来一点也不像你习惯的金字塔，但它的功能是相似的。

So you can consider Bell Rock to be a type of pyramid, though it doesn't look anything like the pyramids you are used to, but it functions in a similar way.

图片


也可以做一件事来扩大你的体验，那就是在我们所谈论的冥想中，在吟唱中，以及在该区域的频率投射中。

One thing that can also be done to amplify your experience is in the meditations we have talked about, in the chanting, and in the projection of that frequency in that area.

你可能会发现，如果你放松到那种振动中，它实际上可能会更容易地提升你的清明梦和星体投射的想法。

you may find if you relax into that vibration, it may actually promote the idea more easily for you of lucid dreaming and astral projection.

因为这就是吉萨大金字塔背后的理念。在国王的房间和石匣中。祭司们会创造出这种圣歌，这种振动，这种频率，这将使他们在星体投射方面更有效率。

Because this is the idea behind the Great Pyramid of Giza. In the king's chamber and in the stone coffer.the priests would create this chant, this vibration, this frequency, which would allow them more efficacy at astral projection.

所以他们可以进入其他层面，带回有助于和帮助民众的信息。这是古代亚特兰蒂斯人教给他们的东西，并在亚特兰蒂斯灭亡后融入了他们的埃及文明。

So they could go into other dimensions, bring back information that would aid and assist the population.This is something that the ancient Atlanteans taught them and was incorporated into their Egyptian civilization after the fall of Atlantis.

因此，贝尔岩可以发挥大致相同的功能，尽管你不一定会发现相同种类的内部腔室。让它根据我们刚才描述的频率共振的想法将允许你以一种可以提升的方式进入漩涡。

So Bell Rock can perform much the same function, though you won't necessarily find the same kinds of inner chambers.The idea of getting it to resonate according to the frequencies we have just described will allow you to tap into the vortex in a way that can promote.

再一次，通过我们刚刚描述过的圣歌，提高清明梦和星体投射的效果。此外，你可能会发现，用不同的频率唱诵会让你进入不同的存有，不同的意识层次。

again, more efficacy with the idea of lucid dreaming and astral projection by doing the chant that we have just described.Also, you may find that doing different kinds of frequencies with the chanting will allow you to tap into different beings, different levels of consciousness.

不仅是你自己的意识，还有不同的现实，居住在不同层次、不同现实中的不同存有。通过唱圣歌和传统的美国印第安人唱圣歌，并投射相同的频率。

not only of your own consciousness, but different realities, different beings that inhabit different levels, different realities.And by doing the chant and doing traditional American Indian chanting and projecting that same frequency.

你可能会发现你将能够唤起容纳克奇那人的维度或介于维度之间的维度。克奇那精魂在塞多纳地区非常强大，他们从漩涡中来来往往。

you may find that you will be able to evoke the dimension or the in-between dimensions that house the Kachinas.The Kachina spirits are very strong in the Sedona area in terms of their coming and going from the vortex.

图片
你并不总是看到他们。他们大多是你看不见的。但你可以让你的感官延伸到这样一个地步，你可以开始感知他们。

You do not always see them. They are mostly, usually invisible to you. But you can allow your senses to stretch to the point where you can begin to perceive them.

他们的来来往往，他们与土地的连接，以及他们与土地上人民的能量的连接。通过与该地区美国印第安人的鼓声一起唱最传统的圣歌。

and their comings and goings and their connection to the land and their connection to the energies of the people of the land.By doing the chanting that is most traditional with the drum chants of the American Indian people in the area.

通过设置，你可以增加涡流的振动和频率。正如在剥皮行者牧场地区用本地鼓声所证明的那样，从而增加涡流的能量频率。

By setting that up, you can increase the vibration and frequency of the vort.as has been demonstrated in the Skinwalker Ranch area with native drumming, causing an increase in the frequency of the energy of the vortex.

因此，你也可以在这里非常强烈地复制这一点，并与克奇那精魂的概念连接起来，让你的感官能够开始感知他们。

Thus you can replicate that here as well, very strongly, and connect to the idea of the Kachina spirits and allow your senses to be able to begin to perceive them.

首先可能是透明的形式，然后可能是光球，然后可能以美国印第安人呈现它们的原型形式。这样做的目的是要理解，在你的中间有一种不同维度的电话。

first perhaps as transparent forms and then perhaps as spheres of light and then perhaps in the archetypal form in which the American Indians presented them.The idea then is to understand that you have in your midst a kind of a telephone to many different dimensions.

有了正确的输入，你将获得不同类型的输出。有了你想象中的圣歌和频率，并将这些频率输入到漩涡中。

With the right input, you will get different kinds of output. With the chanting and the frequencies in your imagination and inputting those frequencies into the vortex.

你可以召唤和发展更多的关系，不仅是与你自己的高我、你的指导灵和灵魂家族，还有更愿意与你沟通并共同形成新的理解、新的现实的许多维度的存有。

you can call forth and develop more relation to not only your own higher mind and your spirit guides and spirit family, but also many dimensions of beings that are more than willing to communicate with you and together form a new understanding, a new reality.

利用门户来加速和转变你的实相，加速人类的进化，还与许多外星来源建立连接，特别是在这个时代，与最终将生活在你们中间的混血儿童建立连接。

using the portal to accelerate and transform your reality and to accelerate the evolution of humanity and also make connections to many of the extraterrestrial sources and in particular in this day and age to make connections to the hybrids that will eventually come to live among you.

塞多纳是，塞多纳的边远地区，尽管我们不会说出具体的地点，但它是混血儿童庇护所的候选地区之一。

Sedona is, and the outlying areas of Sedona in general, though we will not name a specific point, is one of the candidates for the sanctuaries for the hybrid children.

但在大自然中，一开始并不是接近文明的概念，接近城镇本身，而是在周围的大自然中，在树木之间。

But out in nature, not in proximity at first to the idea of the civilization, to the town itself, but in the surrounding nature, among the trees.

在河流所在的地方，在水流流动的地方，树木生长的地方，风吹过的地方，动物聚集的地方，乌鸦啼叫的地方，丛林狼嚎叫的地方。在这种自然环境中，一个庇护所将自然形成，混血儿童将被它所吸引。

where the rivers are, where the water flows, where the trees grow, where the wind blows, where the animals gather, where the crows crow, where the coyotes howl.In that natural environment, a sanctuary will naturally form and the hybrid children will gravitate to it.

图片

所以你在吟唱和频率输入中所做的是创造贝尔岩的漩涡，像灯塔一样响起，吸引他们来到这个区域，让他们知道你愿意为他们设置这个频率。

So what you are doing in the chanting and the inputting of the frequency is creating the vortex of bell rock to ring like a beacon to attract them to the area,let them know that you are willing to set this frequency for them.

鼓励他们将周围自然区的区域作为庇护所之一，让你自己为他们创造振动兼容的频率。并在你的能量和他们的能量之间建立更牢固的连接。

to encourage them to adopt the area in the surrounding natural zone as one of the sanctuaries, allowing yourself to create that frequency of compatibility vibrationally for them.and a stronger connection between your energy and their energy.

在这贝尔岩敲响的过程中，有许多功能可以帮助和帮助加速你的能量，加速人类的进化。通过邀请和到达最终将生活在你们中间的混血儿童，让地球朝着我们所说的第六个混血种族进化。

So in this ringing of the bell, there are many functions that can aid and assist in accelerating your energy and accelerating the evolution of humanity.with the idea of the invitation and arrival of the hybrids that will eventually come to live among you in order for Earth to evolve toward what we have called the sixth hybrid race.

我们感谢你们允许我们与你们分享这些信息，我们鼓励你去这个地区，唱圣歌，击鼓，并进行振动输入。

We thank you for allowing us to share this information with you and we encourage you to go to the area, do your chanting, do your drumming, and do the vibrational inputting.

这将使塞多纳的漩涡成为一张名片和一个邀请，对那些将要来的人，对那些有一天会在你身边的人来说，都是真实的。

that will allow the vortex of Sedona to become a calling card and an invitation, ringing true to those who will come, to those who will once be among you one day.

我们感谢你们允许我们分享这件事，作为对这份礼物的回报，我现在问你，我们能以什么方式为你服务？如果你愿意，你可以继续你的对话和提问了。

We thank you for allowing us to share this and in return for this gift, I ask you now, in what way may we be of service to you? You may continue if you wish with your dialogues and questions.


图片


