巴夏：标量技术
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年11月20日 06:00 辽宁
前言

它需要使用特定频率的标量能量来增强自身。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2021年10月23日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hello, Bashar.

巴夏：你也是，你好。

And to you, good day. 

问：无限的祝你好，兄弟。所以我想问你，真的很快，快速的介绍一下我在用标量技术做什么。我们一直在利用一个人的照片，并将其置于标量技术之下，他们就会感受到治疗的远程频率。所以，如果你能解释一下，我想对此提出一些问题。其中最重要的一个问题是，是否有任何频率或一组频率可以像我用一个人的照片那样，使用标量技术来消除疫苗？

Infinite good day to you, brother. So I want to ask you, real quick,a quick background of what I'm doing with scalar technology.We've been utilizing just a person's photos and literally putting it underneath the scalar tech and they feel the remote frequencies of healing.So I want to give some questions to that if you can shed some light.And one of the most important ones is, is there any frequency or set of frequencies that get rid of the vaccine using the scalar tech the way I've been using them with a person's photo?

巴夏：重复这个问题，其中一些被忽略了。

Repeat the question, some of it blanked out. 

问：是否有任何频率或一组频率可以像我在一个人的照片上使用标量技术那样消除疫苗？

Is there any frequency or set of frequencies that get rid of the vaccine using the scalar tech the way I've been utilizing it with a person's photo?

巴夏：你说消除疫苗是什么意思？

What do you mean get rid of the vaccine? 

问：嗯，从疫苗中排毒。

Well, detox from the vaccine.

巴夏：疫苗没有毒性。

The vaccine is not toxic. 

图片

问：哦，好吧。或者，如果有人对它有过敏反应，如何消除它？

Oof, okay. Or if someone has allergic reactions to it, how does one get rid of it?

巴夏：那是不同的。那是不同的。但是再一次，我们不一定能解决许多与疫苗有关的问题，因为你们的社会已经将这个问题政治化了。我们不能那么深入地参与你们的政治。

That's different. That's different. But again, we cannot necessarily address many things having to do with your vaccines because your society has politicized this issue.And we cannot be that deeply involved in your politics. 

问：啊，我完全理解。所以下一个问题是，标量技术在人类意识的进步或阻碍中起着什么作用？

Ah, I totally understand that.So the next question goes, what role does scalar technology have in advancement or hindrance of human consciousness?

巴夏：任何技术都是集体意识中已经发生的变化的表现。它可以通过个人来表达。它可以通过更大的群体来表达。它可以用整个文明来表达。但你没有能力以任何方式、特征或形式创造一种不代表集体意识中已经存在的一些变化、理解和观点的技术。

Any technology is an expression of changes already happening in the collective consciousness.It can be expressed through individuals. It can be expressed through larger groups. It can be expressed by the entire civilization.But you don't have the ability to, in any way, shape, or form, create a technology that is not representative of some changes and understandings and viewpoints that already exist in the collective consciousness.

问：对。所以如果标量扰乱了时间和空间，是否有一个入口，我们如何打开它？

Right. So if scalar disrupts time and space, is there a doorway and how do we open it?

巴夏：它需要使用特定频率的标量能量来增强自身。我们正在扫描，看看你是否真的有这样的技术。等一下。好吧，我们目前唯一能提供的是。你有技术能力从低到高地整理标量频率吗？

It would require the use of scalar energies at certain frequencies, that reinforce themselves.We are scanning to see if you actually even have the technology to do this. One moment. All right, well, the only thing we can provide at the moment is.Do you have the technological ability to go through, scalar frequencies from lower to higher?

问：有技术能力。就扫频而言，我认为你指的是扫描频率。

Yes. In terms of sweeping, I think you're referring to sweeping frequencies.

巴夏：是的。是的。以每秒7.85个周期的舒曼共振开始。你能做到吗？

Yes. Yes. Start with the Schumann resonance at 7.85 cycles per second.Can you do that? 

问：能做到。

Yes. 

巴夏：然后上升到十个周期。来来回回，反反复复，在15秒和15秒间隔的时间范围内，持续15分钟。这将开始以一种方式激发接受性意识，使他们的意识能够打开并与某些类型的漩涡和门户能量对齐。这样他们就可以更有效、更容易地连接到不同维度的能量，这可能有助于提高他们的频率到一定程度上。

And go up to 10. Back and forth, back and forth, over the time frame of 15 seconds and 15 second intervals for 15 minutes.This will begin to entrain receptive consciousnesses in a way that will allow their consciousness to open up and align with certain kinds of vortex and portal energies.So they can more effectively and easily connect to different dimensional energies, that may be of assistance in raising their frequencies to the point.

在那里，它最终可以缓解体内某些频率的毒素、某些频率的过敏原的想法，但一如既往，这必须是他们的信念系统让他们知道可以起作用的东西。尽管如此，这只是技术方面的问题。剩下的取决于他们是否被吸引并倾向于使用这个特定的意识许可。

Where it can eventually alleviate the idea of certain frequencies of toxins, certain frequencies of allergens in the body, but again still, as always, must be something that their belief system will allow them to know can work.Nevertheless, that's the technological side of it. The rest is up to them as to whether they are attracted and gravitate toward utilizing that particular permission slip.

但是，如果他们愿意接受有助于调整细胞结构的更高维度频率的能量，那么在7.85到10的15秒间隔内来回接触该个体15分钟，可以帮助他们调整频率和能量。这就是我们能给你关于这个的一切。

Nevertheless, that's the technological side of it. The rest is up to them as to whether they are attracted and gravitate toward utilizing that particular permission slip.But, going back and forth over 15 second intervals from 7.85 to 10 for 15 minutes of an exposure to that individual can assist them in helping to align their frequencies and energies if they are so willing to higher frequency dimensional energies that can be of assistance in aligning their cellular structure.That's all we can give you on that. 

图片

问：非常感谢。我还想问，炼金术呼吸法在呼吸法类别中对集体意识向前发展起着什么作用？

Thank you so much. And I want to ask, what role does alchemy breathwork specifically play in the category of breathwork to the collective consciousness moving forward?

巴夏：任何时候，只要你能用这些方案给系统充氧，就可以更好地利用个人的高频能量，因此更多被吸引使用意识许可的人可以帮助越来越多的个人的系统充氧和充能，这将使集体更容易接受更高频率信息体验和能量。

Any time that you can oxygenate the system with those kinds of regimens allows for greater utilization of higher frequency energies in individuals and therefore.More individuals who are attracted to use that permission slip can help oxygenate and energize the systems of more and more individuals that will allow the collective to be more receptive to higher frequency information experiences and energies.


图片



阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 