巴夏：欧洲能量漩涡
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月13日 06:00 辽宁
前言

在欧洲各地有许多石圈，它们标志着高能量、高能漩涡的不同地方。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2019年9月14日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hello, Bashar. 

巴夏：你也是，你好。

And you, good day. 

问：我的问题是关于欧洲的，因为我认为也有一些来自欧洲的粉丝。我在欧洲没有找到很多关于漩涡和能量点的信息。你能告诉我一些热点地区吗？

My question is about Europe, because I think there are also some fans from Europe.And I didn't find many information on vortices and energy points in Europe.Can you maybe tell some hot spots? 

巴夏：嗯，我想你肯定已经知道一些地方了。像石圈这样的地方。对吗？

Well, I think you already know of some, certainly.Such places as the stone circles. Yes?

问：嗯。

Mm-hmm.

巴夏：嗯？

Mm-hmm？

问：对？

Yes? 

巴夏：对？好吧。好，在欧洲各地有许多石圈，它们标志着高能量、高能漩涡的不同地方。有些地方之所以出名是有原因的，因为人们被漩涡吸引，然后在那里建造大城市，比如巴黎。埃菲尔铁塔实际上位于一个漩涡的中心。这就是为什么这些东西被放在它们被放的地方。

Yes. All right. Well, there are many stone circles throughout Europe that are marking different places of high energy, high energy vortices.There are certain places that are famous for a reason, because people are attracted to the vortices and then build major cities there, such as Paris.The Eiffel Tower is literally at the center of a vortex. That's why these things get put where they get put.

图片

因为无论它是有意识的、无意识的，还是本能的，你们都会被这种能量所吸引，并创造出能够标记它们的表征。所以，很多时候，你会发现，我们可以说，最值得注意的、最神圣的，或者有时候最神秘的建筑通常都位于漩涡中的某个地方。这有道理吗？

Because whether it's conscious or unconscious, or instinctual, you gravitate to where that energy is and create representations that demark them.So, quite often, you will find that the most, shall we say, observable, or sacred, or sometimes the most mysterious edifices are usually placed somewhere within a vortex.Does that make sense? 

问：是的？

Yes?

巴夏：好的，这有帮助吗？

All right. Does that help? 

问：有帮助？一些更多的砾石松树。

Yes？Some more gravel pines.

巴夏：嗯，很明显，有时也有山脉可以作为你们星球上强大的能量上升和漩涡的象征。你们所说的维苏威火山就是其中之一。非常强大的漩涡。克里特岛是另一个主要的漩涡。在地中海，尤其是克诺索斯神庙。你跟上了吗？

Well, obviously, sometimes there are also mountains that will serve as indications of strong energy upwellings and vortices on your planet.What you call Vesuvius is one. Very strong vortex. The island of Crete is another major vortex.In the Mediterranean, especially the Temple of Knossos. You follow?

问：是的。

Yes. 

巴夏：好，等一下。你们所说的巴斯克人所占据的地区是一种非常特殊的漩涡，它与某些可以追溯到亚特兰蒂斯时代的古老血统非常有力地连接在一起。在英国，很多次形成麦田怪圈的地方。

All right. One moment. The region occupied by what you call the Basque people is a very particular kind of vortex that connects, to certain ancient lineages going back to Atlantean times very powerfully.Many times where in England the crop circles form.

其他主要漩涡也在那里。马恩岛是一个极其强大的漩涡，与揭开神秘的事物有关。还有许多其他的漩涡。但你可以通过使用你的感官和被地方吸引来找到其余的漩涡，这会告诉你那里有一些能量。还有别的问题吗？

Other major vortices are there. The Isle of Man is an extremely powerful vortex that has to do with the opening of mysteries.And there are many others. But you can find the rest by using your senses and being attracted to places and that will tell you that there's some energy there for you.Anything else? 

图片

问：是的，谢谢。因为塞多纳到处都是光，有什么特别强大的点吗？一个访问宇宙能量的好漩涡。

Yes, thank you. Is there any particular very strong point because there's light all over the place in Sedona?A nice vortex to visit for cosmic energies? 

巴夏：贝尔岩是覆盖塞多纳全市的漩涡的中心。

Bell Rock is the center of the vortex that covers all of Sedona.

问：好的。

Okay. 

巴夏：这就是为什么我的飞船在它上面。

That's why my ship is above it.

问：很高兴知道。

Good to know.

