巴夏：艾普西隆振动
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月07日 06:00 辽宁
前言
这次传讯被标记为艾普西隆振动，艾普西隆频率，你可能会认为ε频率实际上可能是λ状态之上的最高频率。

                 译者:阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2017年9月22日

巴夏：好的，让我们在你们的这一天向你们说你们好。你们都好吗？好的，好的。谢谢。再一次，我们感谢大家共同创造这种互动，感谢你们在今天的时间里允许进行这个传讯。我们想从了解ε频率开始这次传讯。

Alright, let's say good day to you this day of your time. How are you all?All right, all right. Thank you. Once again, we thank you all for the co-creation of this interaction, the allowance of this transmission this day of your time.We would like to begin this transmission with an understanding of the epsilon frequency.

现在，正如在某种程度上所解释的那样，有三个人工智能结构的球体，他们围绕我们的世界运行，每个球体都参与了我们星球的地球化，使其成为我们的爱莎莎妮世界。而且每一个都提供了一个特定的频率，一种传递到我们世界的特定能量振动，包围了我们的世界，创造了一种稳定矩阵，使我们能够沉浸在这个能量海洋中，并使我们能够更容易地进行集体选择，保持在我们喜欢的振动中，保持在我们真我的振动中。

Now, as has been to some degree explained, there are three artificially intelligent structures, spheres, that orbit our world, each of which was involved in the terraforming of our planet to allow it to become our world of Esassani.But also each of which provide a particular frequency,a particular vibration of energy beamed to our world, enveloping our world, that creates a kind of stabilization matrix that allows us to be immersed in this energy sea and allows us the collective choice, more easily, to remain in the vibration we prefer, the vibration of our true selves.

但是关于ε振动，ε频率有一些非常具体的事情。你们都可以随时利用你们自己。因为它也包含在你们自己的脑电波频谱中，正如我们将会解释的那样。现在，我们已经谈论了这样一种观点，即你们所说的通灵状态代表了一种特定的脑电波频率，这种频率在你们的世界中被称为γ频率。任何时候，当你参与到你喜欢做的事情中，按照你的激情行动，当你处于这种状态时，除了你专注的事情，什么都不关注，你就处于伽玛状态。

But there is something very specific about the epsilon vibration, the epsilon frequency that you can all, always take advantage of yourselves.Because it is also contained within your own brainwave spectrum, as we will explain.Now, we have talked about the idea that what you call the channeling state is representative of a certain brainwave frequency that has come to be known on your world as the gamma frequency.Any time you are, involved in doing what you love to do, acting on your passion, when you are in the zone, in that arena of peak performance, paying attention to nothing else but what you are focused on, you are in the gamma state.

图片
你就处于通俗语中所说的通灵状态，在这种状态下，你可以发挥更多的自我，你可以同步和协调你的大脑，成为更高层次的信息处理器、信息合成器。然后为了访问你需要的信息，确切地说，你需要如何访问它，需要何时访问它。并且或者从这种状态中与他人分享它，作为一种输出，它也更能代表整体视角，一种综合的答案，为另一个人通过另一个人或通过自己访问信息时可能需要的信息提供尽可能多的全息信息。

You are in what is colloquially referred to now as the channeling state, where you can bring through more of yourself, where you can synchronize and harmonize your brain in such a way as to be a higher level processor of information, a synthesizer of information.And to access the information that you need, exactly how you need to access it, when you need to access it.And or share it with others from that state, in a way that, as an output, is also more representative of a holistic perspective, a synthesized answer that provides as much holographic information as possible for what another individual may need in accessing the information through another, or through themselves.

但你们中的许多人都听说过日常活动中常见的某些脑电波频率。当你在日常生活中走动时，当你醒着的时候，它通常被称为β频率。现在，这个频率低于每秒40个周期的想法。每秒40个周期以上是伽马状态。但在每秒40个周期以下，你会有警觉频率、你的日常专注频率、你的人格结构频率，这使你能够保持对物理现实体验的专注。而这通常从每秒约15个周期到约40个周期左右。

But many of you have heard of certain brainwave frequencies that are common to your daily activity.When you are walking around in your day-to-day lives, when you are awake, it is typically referred to as the beta frequency.Now, this frequency operates below the idea of 40 cycles per second.Above 40 cycles per second is the gamma state. But below 40 cycles per second, you have the alert frequency, your day-to-day focus frequency, your personality structure frequency, that allows you to remain focused in your experience of physical reality.And this generally goes from about 15 cycles per second to about 40 or so.

然后在这之下你就有了你们的α状态的想法，阿尔法状态允许你在更深的层次上以不同的方式开始访问不同的东西，更多的是在想象力领域，更多的在创造性领域，从这个意义上说。这将从每秒15个周期下降到每秒约8个周期。然后在这之下，你就有了你们所说的θ状态，这是一个更深层次的状态，在这种状态下你可以获得通常被称为通灵意识的东西。

And then you have the idea of your alpha state below that, and the alpha state allows you to begin to access different things in a different way on a deeper level, more within the imagination realms, more within the creative realms, in that sense.And that will go down from the 15 cycles per second to about 8 cycles per second.And below that, you have what you call the theta state, which is a much deeper state where you have access to what is often called psychic awareness.

图片
这以一种非常具体的方式接入集体意识流，使你们能够利用集体的信息，并了解代表你们物质现实结构和基础的某些能量模式，从而产生可以以一种永恒的方式表达的信息，而没有那么多的空间和时间的刚性或结构。而这将减少到，再次，大约每秒5到4个周期的想法。现在，在这下面，你有你们的δ状态，这是你在最深度的睡眠中所经历的。

That taps into the stream of collective consciousness in a very specific way that allows you to draw upon the information of the collective and to pick up on certain kinds of energy patterns that are representative of the structure and foundation of your physical reality so as to bring forth information that can be expressed in a kind of a timeless way without so much rigidity or structure of space and time.And that will go down to, again, about the idea of 5 to 4 cycles per second.Now, below that, you have your delta state, which is what you experience in the deepest sleep.

这是一种疗愈状态，一种再生状态，它将你连接到灵魂的概念中，并将你重新插入灵魂的概念，从而使你恢复活力，可以说，为你的身体电池重新充电，以实现快速的疗愈。然后你会发现，这可能会下降到每秒1到2到3个周期，最高可能达到每秒4或5个周期。所以，一种非常深的休息状态，有时也可以在你们所谓的催眠状态中找到，这种状态允许你真正超越时间和空间的概念。

It is the healing state, the regeneration state, that which connects you to and plugs you back into the idea of spirit in such a way as to revitalize you, to re-energize your physical batteries, so to speak, to allow for rapid healing to take place.And you will find that that can go down to about 1 to 2 to maybe 3 cycles per second, up to maybe about 4 or 5 cycles per second.So a very deep state of rest, something that can sometimes also be found in what you might call a hypnotic state that allows you to really transcend the concept of time and space.

让自己在你身上流动更高能量的想法，正如我们所说，这可以进行重组，有点像按下重置按钮让你回到零，这样当你超越这种状态时，你就可以重新定义你自己。现在，回到每秒40个周期以上的伽马状态，也就是通灵状态，它允许以某些方式进行更多的信息合成和信息访问。当你向上提升时，然后，进入每秒100个周期，你现在处于所谓的超伽马或更高的伽马状态中，这允许，再次。允许访问其他维度的某些事物，访问与平行现实有关的某些事物，访问与超灵和源头以及许多其他类似性质的东西有关的信息和意识。

And allow yourself to flow through you the idea of higher energies that can allow for, as we said, reorganization, sort of like hitting your reset button to bring you back to zero so you can redefine yourself anew when you rise above that state.Now, going back to the gamma state, above 40 cycles per second, the channeling state, which allows for more synthesis of information and access of information in certain ways.As you go upwards, then, into what you might call 100 cycles per second, you are now in what might be called hypergamma or a higher gamma state that allows, again.For accessing certain things in other dimensions, accessing certain things that have to do with parallel realities, accessing information and awareness that has to do with connection to oversoul and source and many other things of that nature.

图片
现在，还有一个状态在上面。当你们的大脑从每秒100个周期变为每秒200个周期时，你就进入了所谓的λ状态。现在，这是一种极高的运作状态，你几乎可以立即获得你可能需要的任何信息，你实际上开始感知维度之间的障碍正在打破，你有多维视角作为日常秩序，作为你看待事物的自然方式。在该状态下你可以真正穿透那些似乎将一个现实层面与另一个现实层面、一种意识状态与另一种意识层面分开的面纱的想法，在那里你真正成为一种更全面和全息的意识表达。

Now, there is also a state above that. When you go from 100 cycles per second in your brain to 200 cycles per second in your brain, you have now entered what is called the lambda state.Now, this is a state of extreme high functioning where you have access almost instantaneously to just about any information you may require, where you actually begin to perceive the barriers between dimensions breaking down, where you have multidimensional perspectives as the order of the day, as your natural way of seeing things.where you can really penetrate the idea of the veils that seem to separate one reality level from another, one consciousness state from another, where you really become a much more holistic and holographic kind of expression of consciousness.

现在，这次传讯被标记为艾普西隆振动，艾普西隆频率，你可能会认为ε频率实际上可能是λ状态之上的最高频率。它并不是。这个艾普西隆频率，自相矛盾的是，实际上是最低的。它实际上在Δ状态下起作用。典型的ε频率实际上是每秒半个周期。非常慢。但在艾普西隆状态下，发生了一些完全不同的事情，那就是这个。

Now, this transmission has been labeled the epsilon vibration, the epsilon frequency, and you can be forgiven for thinking that the epsilon frequency might, in fact, be the highest one above the lambda state.It is not. The epsilon frequency, paradoxically enough, is actually the lowest one.It actually functions below the delta state. The typical epsilon frequency is actually one half cycle per second.Very slow. But there is something going on quite different in the epsilon state, and that is this.

如果你非常仔细地研究ε状态的振动频率，正如我们所说，大约每秒半个周期，或者如果你愿意的话，每两秒一个周期，你会注意到其中隐藏着一个调制频率。这个调制频率埋藏在ε状态内，奇怪的是，与λ状态完全相同。每秒200个周期，隐藏在每秒半个周期的频率内。这会与λ状态产生共振和谐波振动。它完成了循环。从某种意义上说，你可以说，每秒200个周期的兰木达状态依赖于艾普西隆状态的载波，这种缓慢的暗流，这种非常低频的振动，携带了保持兰木达状态所需的所有信息。

If you examine very closely the vibrational frequencies of the epsilon state, as we say, being about one half cycle per second, or one cycle, if you wish, every two seconds, you will notice that there is a modulation frequency buried within it.The modulation frequency buried within the epsilon state, strangely enough, is absolutely identical to the lambda state.Two hundred cycles per second，disguised within a half cycle per second frequency.This creates a sympathetic and harmonic vibration with the lambda state.It completes the circle. You could say, in a sense, that the 200 cycle per second lambda state is riding on a carrier wave of the epsilon state, that this slow undercurrent, this very low frequency vibration, carries with it all the information necessary to keep pumping the lambda state.

图片
它通过这种低振动来强化兰木达状态，有点像心跳。在这个心跳中，它每秒泵送200个周期的兰木达状态。所以你可以说，这就像兰木达状态骑在艾普西隆状态的顶峰上，或者从某种意义上说，艾普西隆状态被埋在兰木达状态中。它完成了一个循环，一个到另一个的循环，所以当你依赖ε振动时，它会在你体内创造出很大的稳定性。

It reinforces the lambda state with this low vibration, kind of like a heartbeat.And in that heartbeat, it pumps up the lambda state of 200 cycles per second.So you could say it's like the lambda state is riding the crests of the epsilon state, or the epsilon state, in a sense, is buried within the lambda state.It completes a circle, a cycle of one to the other, so that when you rely on the epsilon vibration, it creates a great deal of stability within you.

它锚定了你。它以一种非常强大的方式为你奠定了基础，这样你就更有可能达到更高的超伽马和兰木达状态的高频率。所以这是一个强化谐波，完成了从最高到最低、从最低到最高的循环，并穿过了其间所有频率状态的频谱。所以这并不是一个线性的过程。这是一个从最低到最高的循环过程，因为每一个状态都包含另一个状态，作为外部或内部或差分调制隐含在频率内。

It anchors you. It grounds you in a very powerful way, so that it makes it more possible for you to achieve the high level frequencies of the higher hypergamma and lambda states.So it's a reinforcing harmonic that completes the cycle going from highest to lowest, to lowest to highest, and going through the spectrum of all of the frequency states in between.So it's not really a linear progression. It is a cyclic progression, going from lowest to highest, because each contains the other, implicit within the frequencies as an external or internal or differential modulation.

因此，在理解如何允许自己访问这个艾普西隆频率时，它实际上会有助于推动你并稳定你，使你更容易访问更高频率的伽马和兰木达状态。这样你就可以提高你的能力，让你的感官更加敏锐地感知到更多跨维度的可能性，并更无意识地访问生活中所需的信息。这有些道理吗？好吧。现在，虽然它不会出现在这次传讯中，但在即将到来的传讯中，正如我生日那天所解释的那样。

Therefore, in understanding how to allow yourselves to access this epsilon frequency, it will actually help propel you and stabilize you in such a way as to make it easier for you to access the higher frequency gamma and lambda states as well.So that you can increase your ability and sensitize your senses to the possibility and the probability of seeing more interdimensionally and accessing the information that you need in life more automatically.Does this make some sense? All right. Now, while it won't be in this transmission, in an upcoming transmission, as has been explained on my birthday.

图片
我们将与你们分享一个名为“自我赋权圆环”的特殊意识许可工具，它将非常具体地演示如何使用这个频率循环来提升自己，同时保持非常扎实和稳定的状态。所以我们期待着能够在那时与你们分享这个特定的工具，这个特定的意识许可。并且你会发现，如果你以一种被描述为意识许可的方式使用它，它将连接到你们大多数人共同的集体意识中，这将使你能够以一种非常强大的方式促进这种意识许可。并增强你在各个层面上获取生活中所需的东西的能力。

We will be sharing with you a particular permission slip tool called the Circle of Self-Empowerment, and it will demonstrate very specifically how to use this cycle of frequencies to ramp yourself up and yet remain very grounded and very stable in doing so.So we look forward to being able to share that particular tool, that particular permission slip with you at that time.And you will find, if you use it in the way that will be described as a permission slip, that it will connect into a collective consciousness awareness that is common to most of you that will allow you to facilitate this permission slip in a very, very powerful way.And amplify your ability to access what you need in life on a variety of levels.

所以我们将在即将到来的传讯中发表这一点。但就目前而言，只要让这个想法被充分理解，它就会在你的意识中自动准备好。这样它就会仅仅通过吸收这些信息并以这种方式理解它们之间的关系来改变你的突触、大脑模式、神经网络中的大脑路径。无论你是否意识到，它都会做它的工作，通过你的无意识和潜意识发挥作用，然后当我们在意识许可上提供最后一条信息时，这些信息会渗透到你的意识中，这将是自我赋权的周期。

So we will deliver that in that transmission upcoming. But for now, just let this idea sink in so that it will automatically be prepared within your consciousness .So that it will alter your synapses, your brain patterns, your brain paths in your neurological net just by absorbing this information and understanding the relationship in this way.It will do its work, whether you are aware of it or not, through your unconscious mind and your subconscious mind, and will then leak into your conscious mind when we deliver the final piece of this information in the permission slip that will be the circle of self-empowerment.

所以从现在开始吸收这些信息到我们提供意识许可想法的时间将是一段处理时间，这将使你们大多数人能够利用我们将要提供的意识许可。因为你们将吸收我们今晚所提供的必要信息作为一种稳定频率。现在，我们还谈到了这样一个事实，即我们星球周围的三个球体，即艾普西隆、月食和顿悟，正在向我们的世界传递这些不同类型的能量，也在从你们的月球反射到你们的世界。因为你们的卫星有一套非常具体的周期，以及与你们世界的联系，我们实际上已经能够在一定程度上帮助将这种能量输送给你们的世界，通过使用我们的人造卫星和你们的卫星的一组非常特殊的频率比，让你们所有人都能够获得这种能量。

So the time between now and absorbing this information and the time in which we will deliver the idea of that permission slip will be a processing time that will allow most of you to take advantage of the permission slip we will deliver.Because you will have absorbed the necessary information that we have delivered tonight as a stabilizing frequency.Now, we have also talked about the fact that the three spheres around our planet being epsilon, being eclipse, being epiphany that is delivering these different kinds of energies to our world is also being reflected to your world off of your moon.Because your moon has a very specific set of cycles to it and relationships to your world, we have been able to actually help deliver that energy to your world to some degree to make it accessible to all of you by using a very particular set of ratio frequencies from our artificial satellites to your satellite.

图片
因此，每当你与月亮的概念相关联时，你实际上不仅会接收到来自太阳的偏振光,这些偏振光会从月亮反射回来，还会接收到与你们的月亮概念相关、相称和相关的任何其他振动。而且你们还会接收到我们使用你们的月亮作为这些特定振动的巨大反射器的艾普西隆、月食和顿悟的频率。在另一个时间会有更多关于这一点的信息，当我们也在明天的传讯中讨论月食振动的想法时。

And so therefore any time that you relate to the idea of the moon you will actually not only be receiving the polarized light from your sun that reflects off the moon and whatever other vibrations are relevant and commensurate and related to the idea of your moon.But you will also be receiving the epsilon and eclipse and epiphany frequencies by us using your moon as a giant reflector for those particular vibrations.There will be more on this at another time and when we also talk about the idea of the eclipse vibration in tomorrow's transmission.

你们将开始看到这些想法中的每一个——每一个振动——是如何建立在另一个之上，并创造出一种非常特殊的能量三元组的，这种能量三元组可以帮助和协助这些文明中的存有稳定文明。他们选择与这些频率保持一致。一个非常非常强大的加速器，可以体验你们喜欢的平行现实。但我们将在明天标题为“月食”的传讯中深入探讨更多。然后，我们将以你们周日的主题为“顿悟”的传讯来结束。

You will begin to see a picture of how each and every one of these ideas each and every one of these vibrations builds upon the other and creates a very particular triad of energy that can aid and assist in the stabilization of civilizations for the beings within those civilizations.Who choose to align with those frequencies. A very, very powerful accelerator toward experiencing the parallel reality that you prefer.But we will get into more of that in tomorrow's transmission titled Eclipse.And then we will wrap it up with your Sunday transmission titled Epiphany.

我们感谢你们此时允许我们与你们所有人分享这个特定的想法，并感谢你们愿意让自己沉浸其中。作为对你们现在给我们的礼物的回报，我们可以以何种方式为你们服务。请开始你们的提问、交流和对话，如果你们愿意的话。

We thank you at this time for allowing us to share with all of you this particular idea and for your willingness to allow yourselves to let it soak in.In return for the gift you are giving us now in what way may we be of service to you.Please begin with your questions and exchanges and dialogues if you wish.

