即使你没在 巴夏通灵现场
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-12-24



问：

For the most part, your message, the message you put out is is definitely in the positive.

绝大多数情况下，你带来的信息，肯定都是积极正面的



巴夏：

Yes! 

是的！



It's the instruction manual that allows reality to work to your advantage in a positive way. 

这些信息是“指导手册”，讲述的是：如何运作你的实相，使之带给你正面的助益



It's a description of how to stay in that state, so that it is in alignment with who you truly are, rather than in misalignment 

如何保持在这样的状态，从而与“真正的你”保持一致，而非 偏差背离



问：

So the people that attend here in person, they get affected not only by the message, but also by the energy of being here. 

所以，那些亲临传讯现场的人，他们不仅被这些信息所影响，也被这里的能量所影响



巴夏：

If they choose to match the frequency, yes! 

如果他们选择与这里的能量调频一致的话，那么，是的！



问：

Can you speak a little bit about the people who are watching this through Ustream throughout the world 

你能否谈谈那些遍布全球各地，通过现场直播平台Ustream观看此次传讯的人的？



They're watching it, but are not here physically, how...? 

他们也在观看，但人却不在这里，这又如何……？



巴夏：

It doesn't necessarily always matter. 

是否来到现场，不一定总是那么重要



Because again, they simply have the opportunity to match the frequency of the concepts that we're sharing with you. 

因为，我再说一遍，他们也有机会 与我们所分享的信息（概念）的频率调频一致



Because the concepts themselves have frequencies. 

因为信息（概念）本身，是有频率的



So while they may not literally physically be being bathed in the bubble of the electromagnetic field that contains the vibrations. 

虽然他们的身体可能没有 浸泡在现场的电磁场的“能量泡泡”中，也就是包含这些振动的地方



There are still electromagnetic fields being created as this information is transmitted through your technology to them 

但是，当这些信息，通过你们的科技传输给他们时，这个电磁场仍然会被创造出来



Because remember, they're not hearing the original 

因为，请记住，他们听到的，不是“原始信息”



It's translated into electrical impulses and translated back into acoustic ones for them to hear the words, 

而是原始信息 先转换成“电脉冲”，再转回“声学脉冲”，然后，才有他们听到的话语



But the electromagnetic impulses are still there, and do at least to some degree carry the marker of those vibrations 

但是，这个电磁脉冲仍然存在，并且，至少在一定程度上携带了传讯现场的振动的标记



Now depending upon their relationship in their belief systems to the idea of physical distance. Some of them may experience that vibration more and some may experience it less. 

而他们信念系统中，他们与“物理距离”的关系，决定了：有些人可能 经验到的这个振动更多一点，有些人则可能 经验到的少一点



But that's all based on their idea of what physical distance means 

但这一切都基于他们对“物理距离”的理解



For those that might understand that physical distance is an illusion. They will experience the vibration as if they were here. 

对于那些明白“物理距离只是个幻相”的人来说，他们体验到的振动，就像他们是在现场一样



For those that still have a sense of holding on to the concept of physical distance as something more remote 

而对于那些仍然认为“物理距离的存在，就是相对自己比较遥远的地方”的人



Then they may alter the vibration to also represent the idea that they are in another physical location 

他们可能会对“现场振动”做些修改，从而标识 自己在另外一个物理位置



that's not as immediate as the one that you may be experiencing in our actual presence now 

那么，他们就不会像你们一样 近距离地体验我们现场临在的振动



But that depends on the person. 

但这都要看个人



问：

OK! 

好！

