巴夏：你感受到的，都是你的能量！
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-11-16
问：

I've never experienced the energy that I have felt here tonight. Can you tell me if I have a connection? And also, how can I maintain this energy and focus? 

我今晚在这里感受到的能量，是我从未体验过的能量。你能否告诉我，我跟你们有连接吗？还有，我该如何保持这种能量和专注呢？



巴夏：

Understand that what you are feeling is your own energy. 

要知道，你所感受到的，其实是你自己的能量



When we connect in this way, we give-off a particular frequency, a particular vibration.

当我们以这种方式连接时，我们会发送出一种特定的频率，一种特定的振动



But you match that frequency in order to perceive it. 

但你需要将自己的频率，调整到与这个频率一致，才能感知到这股能量



We radiate it but you have to respond to it in order to feel it in your physical structure. 

我们辐射出这种振频（能量）时，你必须对它做出反应，才能在你的物质结构中感受到它



Therefore, you are showing yourself that you have this level of energy available to you all the time. 

因此，你（用这种方式）向自己展示：你一直都可以获得这个层次的能量



And, it is your own energy. 

并且，它是你的能量



It doesn't come from us even though we might "key it" for you. 

虽然我们是你开启这股能量的“钥匙”，但它并非来自我们



So, how you maintain the energy is knowing that it is not something that you "have to maintain" as if with an effort. It is yours. 

所以，你保持这种能量的方式，就是让自己知道：它并不是什么需要你努力保持住的东西，它本身属于你的



You can create it any time you wish to feel it

任何时候，只要你想感受这股能量，你都可以把它创造出来



Just call it up and it is there. 

你只需要召唤它，它就在那里！（呼之即来）



Knowing it is your energy to begin with can make it very easy for you to do this. 

但首先知道它是你的能量，这可以让你非常容易地把它创造出来



In recalling the energy what is actually happening is you are creating that energy in the present. 

在召唤这股能量时，真正发生的是：你在当下创造这股能量



Understand, memory is created in the present.

要知道，记忆是在当下创造的



 And when you recall, "Oh yes, I remember how it felt" that is a trick of your language. 

当你记起来，说：“噢！是的，我记得它是什么感觉”，这其实是你们语言上的一个“错觉”



If you remember how it felt, you are feeling it right now. 

如果你记得它是什么感觉，那么，你现在就是在感受这股能量



So all you have to do is remember how that energy feels. 

所以，你需要做的全部，就是回忆起这股能量的感觉



And what you're actually doing is creating that energy for yourself right now. 

而此时你所做的，就是“为自己”创造这股能量



Recognize it is your energy; you can use it in whatever way, shape or form your imagination desires to create your own reality that excites you the most. 

要认识到：它是你的能量，你可以用它去创造任何你想象的、渴望的、最让你兴奋的、属于你的实相



Isn't that wonderful? 

这是不是很棒呢？！