巴夏bashar—超越集体意识Going M.A.D. Holotope图型引导冥想
only-1-earth 无限宇宙之爱 2016-07-28
图片

更多精彩内容，点击标题下方无限宇宙之爱关注我们



[00:04]OK we will continue the transmission by asking each and everyone of you to let yourself become relax. Take a deep breath in, and let it out. And take another deep breath in, and let it out. And one more time, take a deep breath in, and hold it, and hold it, and hold it, and blow it out. And continue to breathe deeply, evenly, in a relaxed manner, letting your bodies relax, letting your mind relax, letting your soul relax, letting everything that you think you know of yourself relax in a melt way, and just feel your being. And as you begin to do this, keep your eyes open, and fixed on the center of the Holotope as you low your lights and bring up your music. And begin to drift into a dream.

好的, 我们现在继续此次传讯. 请把自己调整到一个舒适的状态, 然后放松.

深深地吸一口气, 然后呼出来.

再深吸一口气, 然后呼出来.

再次深吸一口气, 屏住呼吸, 屏住呼吸, 屏住呼吸, 然后呼出来.

继续深呼吸, 感受气流平稳地进出喉咙.

放松你的身体, 放松你的大脑, 放松你的灵魂. 让你的所有思绪慢慢淡去, 只需感受自己的”存在”.

把视线集中在Holotope图型的正中心, 随着灯光的变化和音乐的升起, 感受自己进入到了一个镜域之中.



[01:25]And understand that what you are looking at is a mirror of reflection of more of your consciousness, more of who and what you are. Allow yourself to look at the center, look at yourself, the center of your being, represented by the center of this image that glows before you. And as you continue to breathe and as you continue to relax, and as you continue to let go of all those things that you know do not serve you. All the ideas, the definitions, the believes, the thoughts, the feelings, the behaviors. Just let them go for now. Be in the moment, just be here, just be now. Let the vibrations of the colors flow through your eyes, into your bodies, along all of your nerves, wash over your skin, flow through every cell of your being. And as you allow yourself to focus on the center of the Holotope, and let the vibrations of the colors in. 

你明白你看到的是你的更多意识, 你的更多层面和更多”你是” 在镜子里的的映射.

你明白眼前的灯光闪烁的图型反射的正是你自己的真实”存在”.

当你继续深呼吸, 继续放松时, 放下那些对你现在没有意义的东西.

包括那些观念, 那些定义, 那些信念, 那些想法, 那些感受, 那些行为.

先暂时放下那些不管, 集中注意力!

专注于此刻-现在-这里.

让灯光流经你的双眼, 通过你的筋脉, 进入你的身体, 冲洗你的身体中的每一个细胞, 每一寸皮肤.

当你注视Holotope图型的正中心时, 感受灯光的闪烁和变化.



Allow yourself to view the entire Holotope as the massive agreement, the mass consensus for reality, all the parameter, all the agreements, all the structures, all the concepts that you agree to experience, in having this physic dream. And even as you taking the entirety of the Holotope as a represents of the massive agreements of which you are apart, that you have agreed to be a part of. Simultaneously allow your eye to drift to one specific portion that stands out to you. One specific detail being align a color, a flickering of light, a shape, it doesn’t matter. But this one specific detail that stands out in the midst of the entire Holotope. 

把Holotope图型看成现实生活中所有的大量集体意识和思想, 所有的生活碎片, 所有的规则, 所有的框架, 各种各样的概念.

现在把Holotope图型当成你在生活中体验到的大量集体意识中, 你认可的那一部分.

同时把你的视线停留在Holotope图型的正中心.

把注意力放在无论是闪动的灯光, 颜色, 或者某种形状上, 都无所谓.

只需把视线专注于这突出的图型正中心就可以了.



It’s your individual reflection that shows you that you fit within the whole picture yet at the same time you stand out as unique, even as your uniqueness in combine with all the other unique details and aspects forms the whole picture. And without you, without that unique portion, without that detail, the picture will not be complete. You are needed, you are required, you must exist for the whole picture to exist. You are value, and valuable. So value yourselves as you look upon this entire image, in the mass consensus that represents value the single component, the single detail, that is represented of you, and your individual uniqueness, and the gift that you give to all other aspects by finding your place, by finding your position, by expressing your true nature in life. So it can add to the totality of the greater being that is also you. For the whole it’s also you, you are the whole, you are the parts, you are All That Is within this. And all of reflections from your point of view, from different levels of your being, from different ways that you can perceive yourself. Relax into the idea of this and that that you are the big picture and the part, and that together with all the parts you are in order striation. You are a dance, you are a message, you are a reflection, you are information, you are knowledge and knowingness, you are experience itself, you are process, you are the journey, you are All That Is experiencing itself in all the ways it can.

这是属于你的独特映射, 当你专注于图型中心时, 你就融入了这个图型, 同时你仍保持着你的独特性.

你独特到刚好把其它所有的独特细节, 其它所有的独特方面与你的独特性天衣无缝地结合在一起, 以致构成了这一整幅图型.

没有你, 没有你那刚好, 恰到好处的那一独特的部分, 没有你那天衣无缝的所有独特细节, 这幅图型将不会完整.

你被需要, 你被要求, 你必须存在因此整个图型才能存在.

你如此重要, 因此你是无价的存在.

因此你需要重视你自己, 当你看着这整个图型时, 你看到的是你是那独特的重要组成部件, 独特的细节存在于这意识的海洋里.

你是通过你的生活表达你的真实自我, 以给予所有其它面向的那份独特的礼物.

因为有你, 伟大的存在才会完整.

这整体是你, 你是这整体, 同时你也是这部分, 你是”神圣万有”中的”万有”.

你是你所有视角的映射, 你是你生命中的所有层面, 你是那以各种角度认知自己的所有方式.

慢慢吸收这些观点, 你是整体和部分, 你是把所有的部分组合成整体的那个部分.

你是一支舞蹈, 你是一条消息, 你是一个映射.

你是信息, 你是知识, 你是知晓.

你是经验本身, 你是进程, 你是旅途, 你是”神圣万有”以所有的方式经验着它自己.



[06:50]Give breath and life to the unique point of you within the totality. And allow that unique point of you to contain the totality even as the totality contains the unique point of you, for you are Holo-graphic, everywhere at once, nowhere at the same time, All That Is, and everything within it, for there is no outside, there is only within. Breathe in this truth and crystallize it for yourself with every breath from this day forward, honor yourselves, love yourselves, cherish yourselves, value yourselves, appreciate yourselves, for these are the nature states of your birth right. What you are created to be, to give meaning to life, the meaning that you chose, the meaning that you created yourself to be as the unique perspective that fulfills the one point of you, without which no other point of you could exist. And from that point of view, you are experiencing yourself growing, expanding, changing, learning, becoming, being All That Is from all the points of view you can. 

在这整体中, 给予你的独特点以呼吸和生命.

让你的独特点包含这个整体, 就像这整体包含着你那独特点.

你就是这Holotope图型, 你随时无处不在, 同时你又不在任何地方.

你是”神圣万有”, 所有的一切都在它里面.

这里没有外面, 所有的一切都在你里面.

深深地吸入这些真理, 把它们凝结在你体内.

从现在开始, 接下来的每一天你都携带着这些真理, 尊敬自己, 爱自己, 珍惜自己, 重视自己, 感恩自己.

这些都是你与生俱来的权利, 最自然的生命状态.

那些你所创造的, 你给生活赋予的意义, 那些你所选择的意义, 你给自己所创造的意义以独特的视角填满着属于你的那个点.

没有你所做的这些, 其它所有点都不能存在.

你以你的独特视角经历着你的成长, 扩展, 改变, 学习, 变成, 成为”神圣万有”所拥有的所有视角和点.



[08:32]A might grow causing in the might grow cause, infinity within, no space and no time at all, all One. Give yourself the freedom to be this unique you, for without you there will be nothing and with you there is everything, you are unconditional loved, you are unconditional supported. You are unconditional love itself, made from it, made of it, made by it, made with it and you made it brought yourself in the being. So bring yourself force now in this expression like a flower that blooms in the garden and as it’s color and it’s perfume to the entire garden, without which the garden will not be a sweet, will not be it’s bright, will not be it’s beautiful. And grow in the light of the Sun, and the cool of the light in the rain of the moon, in the soil of the earth that nourishes you. And gives force new life that invigorates you and vitalizes you and allows you to bloom in beauty and grace and gratitude and peace and love and harmony.

Holotope图型中心里面存在另一个Holotope, 另一个里再有另一个, 层层递进, 乃至无限.

没有空间, 没有时间, 所有都是”一”.

释放你的自由, 成为那独特的你.

没有你的存在这里将没有任何存在, 因为有你这里才会有一切.

你一直被无条件的爱着, 你一直被无条件的支持着.

你是那无条件的爱, 由它而来, 由它组成, 通过它成为, 和它成为, 并把它领入了你的生命存在.

给予自己力量去表达那无限的爱吧, 就像花朵要在花园里盛开.

让花园散发鲜花本有的璀璨和芬芳.

没有鲜花, 花园将不能称之为花园, 花园也将失去它的光芒和美丽.

把花朵种植在富含养份的泥土里, 让它沐浴着宁静的月光, 让它在阳光下茁壮成长.

把更多的力量给予这些滋润着你的新生命, 让你在美丽和优雅, 感恩和平静, 爱与和睦中盛开.



[10:33]Drift now in this beautiful dream of the All in the One, the One in the All. Drift now and feel the new you in a new reality with a new history and stand out and allow yourself to experience more consciously the shifts that are all occurring all the time. So that you can fulfill the most powerful mantra that is ever being given to you or hand it down through the wisdom of the ages, the two words that all summed all up in this moment, and those words are Know Thyself. And you shall know everything you need to know, and be everything you need to be. Know Thyself, for all the answers lie within you, for if they did not, you would not even be capable of conceiving the questions. So as you question, as you seek, and as you search, look no further than within, for everything is there, everything is given to you, and you are always be given love, and help, and assistance, and support. You are never without it, not for a second, not for an instant. For a word if that possible Creation will collapse. You exist and so you all will show because that is your most fundamental quality.  

漂浮在这个”万有归一”, “一在万有之中”的美丽梦境里.

不断地漂浮, 感受一个崭新的自己, 拥有崭新历史的自己突颖而出, 你将能在每时每刻更多地, 有意识地体验到自己的转变.

因此你能给这二字真言赋予更多的涵意, 这真言是由充满了智慧的长者传下来留给你们的, 它是“自性”.

领悟了它, 你将知道你想知道的一切, 你将能成为你想成为的一切.

“自性”, 所有答案都在你的里面.

人不可能没有”自性”, 假如没有, 你将不可能构思出任何问题.

当你心存疑惑时, 当你在思考时, 当你在寻找答案时, 只需要往里面寻找.

因为所有的一切都在这里, 被无条件地给予了你, 包括爱, 需要, 帮助, 支持都在这里.

你从来未曾失去过它, 哪怕是一秒, 哪怕是一刻.

一言以蔽之, 如果真能发生, “造物”将会坍塌.

你, 存在. “你在, 故万有在”, 这是”存在”的最基本属性.



[12:39]For that which exists and do nothing but continue to exist in any form that needs to take, still it is, it’s only identity, unique among all of the identities. Take that to heart, take it to mind, take it to spirit, take it to body, drowned it in the earth by your actions and raise your eyes to the stars to know that you are connected and never alone on your journey. We and many others walk with you hand in hand, heart in heart, soul in soul. Drift now in this dream and wake up in a new dream of understanding, acceptance, allowance, and appreciation of your true value and your true worth and true deserve ability and your true birth right of being you as fully as you can. The true you, without fear, without self judgment, without self doubt. Certainty in the vibration of your being that will allow you to experience yourself empowerment in the gentlest way possible. For remember that the greatest power requires the slightest touch, and everything is accomplished effortless in beauty and grace and ecstasy. Ponder the mysteries of your being and open up your curiosity and imagination for that is the avenue of communion between you and your higher mind, allow that relationship to grow so that you can function as a full being. And allow your world to become a reflection of representation of that fullness, of that brightness, of that view. Continue to breathe, and take it all in, make it your own, and crystallize it. 

 “存在”除了继续存在之外不能做别的, 除了改变其”色(Form)”和成为”一切色相” (佛学用语Form is emptiness.)

把这些记在心里, 嵌入大脑, 化为精神, 融入身体, 并通过行动灌满地球.

当你抬头看着天上的星星时, 你知道你在地球上的旅途中从未孤单过, 我们一直与你同在.

我们和很多的星际朋友一直陪伴在你们左右, 手牵手, 心连心, 灵魂相伴.

漂浮在之个梦境里, 然后在一个新的梦境里醒来, 此时的你对自己的存在重要性, 存在意义和基本能力都拥有了新的领悟, 接纳, 包容, 感恩.

做你自己是天赋神权, 它是你生来就有的权利.

真正的你, 没有恐惧, 没有自我批判, 没有自我怀疑.

这个崭新的自信的你将能让你以最轻触的方式经验巨大的力量.

因为只需记住最大的力量只需最轻柔的触碰, 你就能在完美, 优雅, 喜悦中毫不费劲地完成一切事情.

打开你的好奇心, 发挥你的想像力, 这是你和你的高我之间沟通的渠道.

仔细思考你的”存在”之神秘, 加强与高我之间的沟通, 这将使你更能作为一个完整的生命来运作.

让你的世界映射那完整, 那光明, 那视角.

继续保持深呼吸, 把这些和空气一起深深地吸进来, 变成你自己的, 凝结在你的体内.



[15:18]Drift now in the dream, gently drift, this is your natural state of being. And physical reality is but a dream, live the dream that you prefer to live. For it is your choice and your decision, every moment it is completely in your hands. Court those hands gently and cherish what is within for it is deserving of love. Continue to breathe, dream and drift, as you soften your music and you soften your lights. Allow yourself to continue to experience this dream within yourself and know that it is never ending and never goes away. It’s always within you, always the slight echo, the slight reverberation, the song of this fear, the song of the stars. It’s always vibrating within that spark in the center of your being, in the center of your consciousness. Allow yourself to flow gently now, and allow the dream to crystallize within you. And when you are awaken, you are awaken into a new reality. And all will show for you are never the same twice, and you are always a new. Drift now and breathe, and take a deep breath in and let it out, and take a deep breath in and let it out. And let your music fade away and take a deep breath in and hold it and feel the promise of Creation within you and blow it out and feel your atmosphere with the sweetness of that promise, that shall never be broken.

你在这个梦中不断的漂浮, 轻轻的漂浮, 这是你最自然的生命状态.

物质实相不过是一场梦, 因此选择生活在你偏好的梦里.

这完全是你的选择和决定, 每时每刻完全掌握在你的手中.

轻轻握住这些选择, 珍惜这里面值得被爱的东西. 

随着音乐和灯光变得柔和, 继续深呼吸,继续在梦里漂浮.

继续体验这个梦境, 它在你的里面永远不会终止, 永远不会离你而去.

物质实相在你里面, 它是轻轻的回声和响动, 恐惧的旋律和星星的歌唱.

物质实相在你的意识之中, 在一个中心有个闪光的存在里振动着.

让自己轻轻地漂浮, 让这个梦境凝结在你体内.

当你醒来时, 你将进入到一个新的实相.

你将发现你从来都不是相同的一个人, 你一直都在成为一个更新的你.

继续漂浮, 深呼吸, 深深地吸一口气, 然后呼出来, 深深地吸一口气, 然后呼出来.

随着音乐逐渐消失, 深深地吸一口气, 屏住呼吸, 感受你内在的”造物主”给你的承诺, 然后呼气, 感受那承诺的芳香顺着气流进入周围的空间, 那是无法被打碎的承诺.



[18:21]Our deepest appreciation, our deepest gratitude, our unconditional love to you all! Dream the dream that you are, live that dream every moment that you can. Good day and sweet dreams!

致你们全体, 以我们无限的爱, 最深的感恩和谢意! 

梦你所是的梦, 每时每刻努力生活在你的梦里.

祝愿你们美好的一天, 好梦!

