巴夏：强大的集体冥想
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-07-31 23:36



问：还有巴夏，当我们在灵性社区里，实际面对面的时候，

And Bashar, when we're physically in the presence of each other in a spiritual community,



我的意思是，我们都在很多层面上联系在一起，

I mean we are all connected on so many levels,



我们还一起参加了实地的冥想小组，

And we are physically together in a meditation group,



它似乎更强大，或者更能引起共鸣。

It seems more powerful or seems more resonant or more...





巴夏：是的，当然，你知道正能量机制与负能量机制的区别，

Yes, of course. you understand the difference between positive mechanical energy and negative mechanical energy.



正能量的定义是扩展和整合的能量，因为会以指数的方式倍增，

The definition of positive energy is that which expands and integrates, and therefore adds to and multiplies in an exponential way,



正如我们说的，负能量是断开的感觉，

Negative energy disconnects the feeling as we say.



让你以一种消极的方式体验那种孤立状态，

And allows you to experience that isolation so to speak in a negative way,



每个人仍然是一个个体，

Everyone is still an individual,



但如果你们为了一个共同的目标而合作，

But when you work together in a common cause,



你们就在放大和增强总体的振动效应，

You are magnifying and amplifying the general vibrational effect.



因为正能量和积极的意图朝向那个连接方向发展，

Because positive energy and positive intention goes in that connective direction.



因此就像你们说的，超过了各部分相加的总和。

Therefore as you say it's more than the sum of its parts.





问：似乎我们是越来越能包含一切，

And inclusion, it just seems that we are stepping more and more into in including everything,



而不是分离，我们来到这个物理现实矩阵，

Rather than you know this separateness that we have we come into this physical reality with this um you know matrix of...



你知道，我和你是分开的，

You know I'm separate from you,



我和这张桌子是分开的。

I'm separate from this table.





巴夏：好的，等一下，

All right, now one moment.



不要错误地把分离定义为消极的，

Don't make the mistake of defining separateness as negative,



因为有一些积极的事情正在发生，让你体验到你的个性，

Because there are positive things going on that allow you to experience your individuality,



没有“分离”，

And without the concept of separateness,



你就无法体验到你的个性，或者发现你的独特性。

You would not be able to do that or discover the uniqueness that you are.



所以这并不是要消除“分离”，

So it's not about eliminating the concept of separateness,



这是关于以一种积极的方式与“分离”合作，来认可所有个体的独特性，

It's about working with separateness in a positive way to validate all the individual uniqueness.



这就是你们寻求的形成统一的方式。

And that's what forms the unity that you're seeking.





问：恩恩。

Yes, yes.





巴夏：好的。

All right.

