巴夏：冥想的时候听到奇怪的声音？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-07 22:27



问：我的第三个问题，

My third question,



也是我的一个经历。

Is also one of my experiences.



我想是在2016年底，

I think in the end of 2016,



有一天，我自己在冥想，

One day I was doing a meditation myself,



我开始看到一个深棕色的能量圈在我面前旋转，

I started to see a dark brown energy circle spinning in front of me,



我开始听到一些声音，

And I started to hear voices,



听起来像是很多很多人一起吟唱，

It sounds like many many many individuals chanting together,



但是我不懂那些语言。

But I don't understand those languages.





巴夏：好的。

All right.



有时你会进入某种冥想状态，

The idea is sometimes when you can get into certain meditative states,



尤其是现在你们在探索意识的扩展，

Especially now that you're exploring an expansion of consciousness,



你可以让自己连接到不同平行现实之间的入口，或者容我们说，连接到不同平行版本的你，有着不同的文化，不同的语言，

You may allow yourself to connect into portals between different parallel realities or different parallel shall we say versions of you in different cultures different languages,



然后让你自己接入那个集体来放大和增强你的能力，也进入那种改变状态。

to allow yourself to tap into that collective to amplify and magnify your ability to also get into that altered state.





问：哇！

Wow!





巴夏：所以你是作为一个团体来做的，

So you're doing it kind of as a group,



而不仅仅是作为一个个体，

instead of just as an individual,



依靠在平行现实中经历相同经历的其他人，

relying on others in parallel realities going through the same experience,



利用那种能量，让你和他们每一个人更容易在自己的现实中做这件事。

And tapping into that energy to make it easier for you and each of them to do it in their own realities as individuals.





问：哇，有意思！

Wow, that's so interesting!



所以基本上我只是在和自己交流。

So basically i just communicating with myself.





巴夏：不，不是你自己，

No, it's not yourself,



这是其他版本的你，他们不是你，

It's other versions they're not you,



但他们是在平行现实中可能相似的其他版本，

But they are other versions that might be similar in parallel realities,



是的，你在更高层面上，因为一切都是一，

Yes, you on a higher level because everything is one thing,



但你是从个人去说，

But you were talking as an individual person,



所以如果你说的是在更高层面上的话。

So if you're talking about the idea of being on a much higher level.



是的，你可以说你是在和自己交流，

Yes, you can say you were communicating with yourself.



因为一切都是同一东西的表达，

Because everything is an expression of one thing,



但你是作为个人说话，所以我们那样讲。

But you were talking as a physical individual and so we framed it that way.



图片
各位小伙伴们，你们有什么神奇的冥想经历？欢迎评论区交流分享！

图片


问：嗯，明白，明白。

Yeah, understood i understood.

