巴夏：探索黑暗的虚空
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-12-03 23:18




问：如果我们进入冥想状态，但没有取得任何进展，

What can we do to improve? if we go into a meditative state.

我们能做些什么来改进呢？

But we're not making any progress?



巴夏：这取决于你如何定义改进，

Well, it depends on what you define as progress,

当你进入冥想状态时，你坚持要发生什么？

What are you insisting must happen? when you go into a meditative State.

执着某件特定的事情必须发生，实际上与冥想状态相反。

Insisting that something particular must happen is actually the opposite of being in a meditative state.



问：如果你正坐着冥想，但你只是体验到了黑暗的虚空。

Well, if you're sitting in meditation, but you're only experiencing a a Dark Void.



巴夏：有什么问题吗？

What's wrong with that?

黑暗的虚空非常漂亮。

Dark voids are quite beautiful.



问：我希望能从这经历中收获更多。

I was hoping to get a little bit more out of the experience.



巴夏：也许那种体验并不是为你真正觉得可行的东西而设计的，

Well, maybe that kind of experience is not designed for something you actually find workable,

或者在你认为它应该做的事情上，你带了太多的执着和期望，

or again you're bringing too much insistence and expectation in what you think it's supposed to do,

也许你有其它的冥想方式，也许没有。

Maybe you have other ways of meditating, maybe not.

给你个提示，如果你探索黑暗虚空本身，

But I just gave you the hint that if you explore the Dark Void itself,

你可能会发现超乎你想象的东西，

You may find there's more there than you think,

而不是坚持认为除了黑暗虚空之外还应该发生别的事情。

Instead of insisting that something else should be happening other than the Dark Void.



图片



也许黑暗虚空正是你寻找信息的地方，

Maybe the Dark Void is exactly where all the information you seek lies,

用另一种方式来思考黑暗虚空，

Think about the Dark Void in a different way,

用另一种方式定义它，

Define it in a different way,

也许你会惊讶于黑暗虚空包含了很多东西。

And maybe it will surprise you as to how much the Dark Void actually contains.

但是不要执着，

But don't be insistent about it,

这与冥想的状态正好相反。

That's exactly the opposite of the state of meditation.



问：好。

Okay.



巴夏：记住还有动态的冥想，

Remember there are active meditations too,

你是否有尽可能多地按你最高的兴奋行动？

Are you acting on your highest excitement as often as you possibly can?

犹豫通常意味着没有。

Hesitation usually means no.



问：对，对，

Right, right,

这正是我想说的，没有。

tThat's exactly what I was going to say, no.



巴夏：为什么没有呢？为什么没有呢？

So why not? why not?

是什么阻止了你这么做？

What's holding you back from doing so?



问：很可能是对未知的恐惧。

Fear of the unknown, most likely.



巴夏：你为什么害怕未知的东西？

Why do you fear the unknown?

你唯一会在未知中发现的是你自己更多的一面。

The only thing you'll ever discover in the unknown is more of yourself.



问：我会考虑的，老巴。

I'll take that into consideration, Bashar.



巴夏：你愿意考虑多久就考虑多久。

You may take it under consideration for as long as short as you wish.