巴夏：成为银河G民2 - 门
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-03-07 08:00



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年3月4日




好的，日安！

All right, Good day!



这次传讯是成为银河G民的第二部分，

This transmission is part two of becoming a galactic citizen,



标题是“门”。

Titled "the door".



在第一部分中，

In part one,



在你想象的房子里，我们要你开始向窗外看，看到在你们的天空中有许多事情在发生，

in your imaginary house, we asked you to start looking out the window to see that there is more going on in your skies,



在你周围到处都是天外来客来来去去，

And all around you with regard to the comings and goings of extraterrestrials,



即使他们通常对你来说是看不见的，

Even though they may generally have been invisible to you,



我们现在都在这里。

We are all right here right now.



图片



这是一个让你的感官习惯我们的存在的问题，我们一直在你周围来来去去的出现，

And it is a matter of allowing your senses to become attuned to our existence our presence all around you all the time coming and going,



做各种各样的事情，探索，观察，以各种方式互动。

doing different things, exploring, observing, interacting in a variety of ways.



今天，我们将让你从你想象中的房子的门口来到院子里，

And today we will be allowing you to move out the doorway of your imaginary house into the yard,



这样你就可以仰望天空了，

So that you can look up at the sky,



让你的感官更加敏锐地感知到我们的飞船一直在来来往往，

And again, attune your senses more keenly to the idea that our ships are coming and going all the time,



你们的天空中有很多交通来往，

that there's a lot of traffic in your skies,



有许多门户，许多不同的跨次元和外星存有通过门户进进出出，

A lot of portals through which many different inter-dimensional and extraterrestrial beings may be coming and going,



有些人停下来观察，

some stopping to observe,



有些人只是在忙自己的事。

some simply being on about their business.



而你是银河社区的一员，

But that you are part of a galactic community,



图片



随着我们往前走，你会越来越意识到这一点，

And that you become more and more aware of this as we go on,



在你们星球上正在发生的事情的加速将在你们未来三到四年创造一种情况和场景，

Now the acceleration of things that are going on on your planet will create a situation and a scenario in about three to four of your years,



有90%到95%的可能性，在你2026年到2027年的某个时候，

with a 90 to 95 percent probability that somewhere around your year of 2026 to 2027,



地球将经历一次重大接触事件，

Earth will experience a major contact event,



我们现在不深入讨论，

We will not go into at this time,



你们星球上的环境将为这一事件创造机会，

The circumstances on your planet that will create the opportunity for this event,



但足以说，

But suffice to say,



某些条件，某些选择，某些场景会加速对这一事件的需求，

That certain conditions certain choices certain scenarios will accelerate the need for this event,



这就是为什么在你们2026年结束的时候，

This is one of the reasons why at the end of your year of 2026,



我们的传讯将会是完全不一样的性质，与我们一直与你们做的比，

Our Transmissions will take on a completely different nature than what we have been doing with you,



那将是不同的时间表，有着不一样的信息，会利用我们选择的时间点，利用在这个势头中，在增加的概率中发生的事情，

It will be on a different time scale with different information that will take advantage on the timing of our choosing of what is going on in the momentum in the increased probability,



最终通向你们星球的重大接触事件。

That leads to this major contact event for your planet.



现在我们不再多说，

We will say no more about it at this moment,



在这段公开接触窗口期间，我们将继续提供更多信息，

And we will continue to add more information as we move forward during this window of open contact,



但是留意这个时间点，这个重大接触事件可能在你们未来三到四年发生，

But look to this timing this probability of a major contact event in three to four of your years,



图片



所以在今天的冥想中，

So in the meditation today,



我们将带你进行练习，让你走出家门，进入你想象中的前院，

We will take you through the exercise that will allow you to walk out the door into your imaginary front yard,



仰望天空，

To look up at the skies,



让你的感官习惯更多的UFO活动，更多地外和跨次元的活动。

And attune your senses to more UFO activity more extraterrestrial and extra dimensional activity.



现在，

But for now,



作为你们给予我们礼物的回报，

In return for the gift you have given us,



请问我们怎样在对话中继续为你们服务，

I ask how may we continue to be of service to you in these dialogues in these Transmissions,



请开始你们想要的提问和对话吧。

You may begin with your questions if you so desire.