巴夏：生活，是一种冥想！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-05-09
图片

问：

Do you have any other suggestions to explore on healing? 

关于疗愈，你还有什么其他建议吗？



巴夏：

Meditation is a very powerful method of balancing and a very powerful method of healing. 

冥想是平衡一个人的能量非常好的方法，也有着非常好的疗愈效果



It allows you to be more centered.

它有助于你更深入自己的内在中心



The reason this is so is because the centered state is a state of balance. 

冥想之所以有诸多好处，是因为“中心状态”，是一种平衡的状态



In a sense, it is a neutral state which allows you conscious choice and that is a positive quality. 

某种程度上讲，也可以说是“中性状态”。这种状态有助于你做出“有意识的选择”，也就是有积极正面品质的选择。



The point we are making is simply that if you are in a negative state, then if you at least allow yourself the benefit of meditation, you will automatically shift yourself onto the positive side, even if only slightly. 

简单地说，就是如果你处在消极负面状态，你静下心来，做个冥想，你就能从中获得益处。你会自动的转向积极正面状态，即使只有一点幅度，或者改变得很慢。



It will be enough to at least get you moving in the direction of healing yourself. 

但这也足够推着你，朝向自我疗愈方向前进。



You may also find that meditation will have many different effects. 

同样，你会发现，冥想还有很多不同的效果。



You may wish to meditate for a specific reason, but you may find that when you do start meditating, many other things you are not focusing on will also begin to balance themselves out. 

你可能是出发于某种原因而冥想，但你会发现，当你开始冥想，其他很多你没关注的事情，也开始自动地导向平衡状态。



So, if you feel you have a negative trait and you meditate in order to heal that, 

比如说，你觉得自己有某种消极负面的品质，于是你通过冥想来疗愈它。



you may automatically begin to find that all the negative traits will begin to smooth out a little bit. 

渐渐地，你会发现，你所有消极负面品质，也都开始一点一点地被清理掉！



Understand that meditation, because it is balancing, because it is an integrating act, will allow you to touch on all the ideas, even the ones that you are unconscious of. 

冥想是一种平衡的、整合的行为，所以它能够影响到你所有的思想意识，包括那些你觉察不到的意识



This is an important point, because most of the negativity that is created in your reality comes from beliefs that are unconscious within you. 

明白这一点很重要，因为你所创造的实相中的大部分负面事件，都来源于你内在的无意识信念。



Meditation—Relaxed—Self Examination-is one of the strongest ways to get in touch with your unconscious beliefs. 

“冥想—放松—自我省察”是找到你内在无意识信念系统的最强大方法之一。



Your imagination can come-up with exactly the proper way, the "best way" for you to meditate. 

而你的想象力可以帮助你找到最好的、最适合你的冥想方式



There are some standard methods.

有些方式是标准的冥想法



but you should also understand that, your imagination knows what it is doing, and can alter the standard method into whatever methodology will work best for the unique individual you happen to be, because you're all different. 

但你要明白，你的想象力知道祂在做什么，祂可以提示你，如何将标准冥想法“改装”成最适合你的，对你效果最好的冥想法。因为你们每个人都是不同的，都是独一无二的。



The meditative style that will work for one person, may not work precisely the same way for another person. 

对某人有效的冥想法，可能对另一个人，就没有同样的效果了。



Some individuals will simply find that closing their eyes and sitting still in a peaceful place will be enough to allow them to find their balance in meditation. 

可能有些人只要闭上眼睛，在一个宁静的地方，静坐冥想，就能让他们处于平衡状态



Some of you may feel that writing or painting, or singing a beautiful song is a better meditation for you. 

但有些人可能会觉得写作、画画，或者唱歌，是更适合自己的冥想法



One of the ways that is strongest for most of you is to learn how to truly breathe. 

而最强大的一种冥想法，也是对大部分人都适用的冥想法，就是学会如何真正地呼吸。



图片



Life Is A Meditation 

生活，是一种冥想！



问：

I wanted to ask you if the various tools that we use here in third density to accelerate our process -- do they actually accelerate our process, or is it just… 

我想问你的是，我们现在在第三密度中，使用了各种各样的工具来加速我们的进化进程，这些工具真的能起到加速的效果吗？还只是……



巴夏：

The ones you believe do, yes. 

你相信哪个工具能起到加速作用，那它就能起到加速作用



问：

Oh, it does actually accelerate the process. 

这么说，工具还是有加速效果的啦！



巴夏：

It is an illusion. But you can create the illusion of acceleration. So it is the same thing. 

它只是幻相，但你也可以制造出加速的幻相。所以说，它们是同一回事。



问：

So it's more or less to appease us -- our third density consciousness -- that we are really doing something to move to the fourth density. 

那我们第三密度的意识，确实在做些事情，朝着第四密度进化啦，这听起来挺让人欣慰的。



巴夏：

In a sense, it gives you something to hang on to. 

某种程度上讲，工具只是让你有东西可以抓取



问：

Right. In other words, we do not have to actually do anything. 

对！换句话说，其实我们是不需要做任何事情的



巴夏：

Except live. 

除了生活



问：

Except live. We do not have to meditate; we don't have to do anything… 

除了生活之外，我们不一定需要冥想，也不一定需要做其他什么事情



巴夏：

Living is a meditation. 

生活，就是一种冥想！



问：

Right. So all of the tools are really just… 

对！所以，所有的这些工具其实都是……



巴夏：

What you make of them. 

你认为它们是什么，它们就是什么



问：

Toys. 

就像玩具



巴夏：

Not to say that they are less than anything else, for your entire reality is formed of such illusions. 

不是说某个东西低于（不若）其他东西，因为你们的实相的全部，都是由这样的幻相组成的



问：

Yes. Now, is it actually necessary for us to understand the various aspects of our transition to fourth density? Or it just will happen… 

没错！那现在我们是否有必要去了解，各种各样关于过渡到第四密度的信息呢？还是这一切会自然发生？



巴夏：

If you are enjoying every moment of your life, you do not have to stop and analyze what is happening to keep living.

如果你一直都很享受生活的每一刻，那你真的没必要为了继续活着，而停下享受，而去分析“发生了什么事”



 An individual who has never heard of what you call metaphysics can be just as much of a fourth density being as anyone. 

一个从来都没听说过“形而上学”的人，照样可以活的像任何一个第四密度的人



问：

Right, exactly. Now... what was I…? 

对！说得太对了！那我……？



巴夏：

Ah! Fourth-density trait: forgetting the past and being in the now. 

啊！你说的是第四密度的人的特征吗？特征就是：忘记过去，活在当下！



问：

If we're doing something, and we really do not enjoy it, it's a very simple message that we should do something else… 

如果我在做某件事，但我实在没法享受它，那这是不是在告诉我，我应该做什么其他事呢？



巴夏：

Not ”should.” You may prefer to do something else. 

不是说“应该”，你有可能更想做什么其他事



You may prefer to do something, which is obviously in synchronous harmony with the vibration you chose to be -- 

你更想做的事，（必须）明显是和“你选择要成为的的振频”相同步和谐的



or you can learn by doing something that is not. 

或者，你也可以在做你所不享受的事情中，学习到某些东西



Both are learning experiences. 

两种情况都有学习的经验



问：

Okay. But the vibration we chose to be is our path, right? 

好！那“我们选择要成为的振频”就是我们要走的道路，是吧？



巴夏：

Yes. 

是的！



问：

Okay. If we are doing something we don't enjoy, is it getting off of the path? 

好！如果我们做着自己所不喜欢的事情，那是不是说明我们偏离了自己的道路？



巴夏：

Sort of, but not really.

可以这么说，但不完全是这样子



You cannot be off yourself.

因为你无法偏离你自己



You are the path. 

因为你就是道路！



注：圣经 约翰福音 14:6

“耶稣说我就是道路、真理、生命，若不藉着我，没有人能到父那里去。”



问：

Okay. So it's a message to our self from our self… 

OK！所以说，这是一个自己给自己发的信息



巴夏：

Yes. It is one of alignment with the basic idea, yes. 

对！这和（宇宙的）基本思想相符！



问：

Okay. Thank you. 

好的，谢谢！



巴夏：

Thank you! 

谢谢！



图片

以下节选自《与神对话3》台湾版，部分重新翻译



问：

How do they do this? How can I do this?

他们是怎么做到的？我可以怎么做到？



神：

It is a question of awareness, of reaching a state of total awareness, as I said before. You cannot do totally aware, you can only be totally Aware.

我曾说过，那是个觉察的问题，是个达到完全觉察的问题。你无法去"做到"完全觉察，你只能"是"完全觉察。



问：

How? How? There must be some tools You can give me.

怎么是？怎么是呢？你一定可以给我一些工具吧？



神：

Daily meditation is one of the best tools with which to create this experience. 

日常冥想是创造这种体验的最佳工具之一。



With it, you can raise your life energy to the highest chakra...... and even leave your body while you are "awake." 

以此，你可以将你的生命能量提升到最高脉轮……甚至在你仍然“醒”着的时离开你的身体。



In meditation you place yourself in a state of readiness to experience total awareness while your body is in a wakened state. 

在冥想中，你让自己处于一种“就绪”的状态，即使身体仍然醒着，你都可以体验完全的觉察。



This state of readiness is called true wakefulness. 

这种就绪状态称为真正的觉醒



You do not have to be sitting in meditation to experience this. 

你并不一定需要静坐冥想才能体验到它



Meditation is simply a device, a "tool," as you put it. But you do not have to do sitting meditation in order to experience this.

冥想只是一种设备，就像你说的，是一种“工具”。但为了体验到真正的觉醒，你并不一定非得静坐冥想不可。



You should also know that sitting meditation is not the only kind of meditation there is. There is also stopping meditation. Walking meditation. Doing meditation. Sexual meditation. This is the state of true wakefulness.

你也应该知道，静坐冥想只是冥想的方式之一。另外还有“暂停冥想”，“行走冥想”“做事冥想”和“做爱冥想”。这都是真正觉醒（觉察）的状态。



When you stop in this state, simply stop in your tracks, stop going where you are going, stop doing what you are doing, just stop for a moment, and just "be" right where you are, you become right, exactly where you are. 

当你在这种状态中，停下来，就单单只是在停在路上，停在你正走的路上，停在你正做的事情上，就停在这一刻，就只是“在”（be）你所在的那个地方，你就“变成”了你所在的地方



Stopping, even just for a moment, can be blessed. 

停下来，哪怕只是片刻，都可以是至福的。



You look around, slowly, and you notice things you did not notice while you were passing them by. The deep smell of the earth just after it rains. That curl of hair over the left ear of your beloved. How truly good it feels to see a child at play.

你环顾四周，缓缓的，你注意到原先走过而未曾注意到的东西：雨后泥土的气息、你所爱的人左耳上覆盖的卷发。看到小孩儿在玩耍，这是多么的美好啊！



You don't have to leave your body to experience this. 

你无需离开身体，就能体验到这些。



This is the state of true wakefulness.

这才是真正的觉醒状态。



When you walk in this state, you breathe in every flower, you fly with every bird, you feel every crunch beneath your feet.

当你在这种状态中行走，你会闻到每一种花的芬芳，你会跟每一只鸟儿同飞，你会感觉到脚下所踩出的每一个嘎扎声。



You find beauty and wisdom. For wisdom is found wherever beauty is formed. And beauty is formed everywhere, out of all the stuff of life. You do not have to seek it. It will come to you.

你找到了美与智慧。在美形成的地方，你就能找到智慧。而美处处在形成，由生命的一切材质在形成。你不需寻找，它会自动向你走来。



And you don't have to leave your body to experience this. This is the state of true wakefulness.

你也不需要离开身体，就能验到这些。这就是真正的觉醒状态



When you "do" in this state, you turn whatever you are doing into a meditation, and thus, into a gift, an offering, from you to your soul, and from your soul to The All. 

当你在这种状态中“做”事，你会把所做的任何事都变成冥想，因而又变为礼物，由你送给你的灵魂，由你的灵魂送给“一切万有”。



Washing dishes, you enjoy the warmth of the water caressing your hands, and marvel at the wonder of both water, and warmth. 

洗碗时，你会享受着温水抚慰你手的感觉，因水而惊喜，因温暖而惊喜。



Working at your computer, you see the words appear on the screen in front of you in response to the command of your fingers, and exhilarate over the power of the mind and body, when it is harnessed to do your bidding. 

用电脑的时候，你会看到由于手指的指令而屏幕出现了反应，欢乐于心与身的能力，在你的指挥下配合得如此完美无缺。



Preparing dinner, you feel the love of the universe which brought you this nourishment, and as your return gift, pour into the making of this meal all the love of your being.

做饭的时候，你会因宇宙提供给你这些营养而感到宇宙的爱，你则将整个生命的爱倾入这饭菜中，予以回报。



It does not matter how extravagant or how simple the meal is. Soup can be loved into deliciousness.

这跟饭菜的繁简无关。一碗清汤也可以因爱而变得美味。



You don't have to leave your body to experience this. This is the state of true wakefulness.

你不需要离开身体才能有这种体验。这是真正的觉醒状态。



When you experience sexual energy exchange in this state, you know the highest truth of Who You Are. The heart of your lover becomes your home. The body of your lover becomes your own. Your soul no longer imagines itself separate from anything.

当你以这种状态体验性能量的交换时，你就懂得你是谁的最高真理。你恋人的心成为你的家乡。恋人的身体变成了你自己的身体。你的灵魂不再以为它跟任何东西是分离的。



You don't have to leave your body to experience this. This is the state of true wakefulness. 

你不需要离开身体才能有这种体验。这是真正的觉醒状态。



When you are in readiness, you are in wakefulness.

当你从容就绪，你就处于觉醒状态。



A smile can take you there. A simple smile. 

一个微笑就可以把你带到这个地方。只是一个微笑。



Just stop everything for one moment, and smile. At nothing, just because it feels good. 

把一切都停下了，笑一会儿，不为任何原因，只因为让你感觉好



Just because your heart knows a secret. And because your soul knows what the secret is.

因为你的心知道一个秘密。也因为你的灵魂知道这秘密是什么。



Smile at that. Smile a lot. It will cure whatever ails you. 

为此而笑，为此而多笑，为此而常笑。笑笑，能治愈你一切病痛。



You are asking me for tools, and l am giving them to you. 

你跟我要工具，我现在把工具给你



Breathe. That is another tool. 

呼吸，这是另一个工具。



Breathe long and deep. Breathe slowly and gently. 

慢慢地呼吸，深深地呼吸，温和地呼吸。



Breathe in the soft, sweet nothingness of life, so full of energy, so full of love. It is God's love you are breathing.

吸入那温柔的、甜美的“生命之空无”（nothingness of life）——它那么充满能量，那么充满爱。你呼吸的是神的爱。



Breathe deeply, and you can feel it. Breathe very, very deeply, and the love will make you cry.

深深地呼吸，这样你就可以感觉到爱。很深很深的呼吸，爱就能让你哭。



For joy. 

因喜悦而哭。



For you have met your God, and your God has introduced you to your soul.

因为你遇见了你的神，而你的神，又把你介绍给你的灵魂



Once this experience has taken place, life is never the same.

一旦你有了这种体验，人生将永不再一样。



 People talk of having "been to the mountain top," or having slipped into sublime ecstasy. 

那些谈论自己登上顶峰的人，体验过巅峰的狂喜的人



Their beingness is changed forever. 

他们生命的存在状态永远改变了。



问：

Thank You. I understand. It is the simple things. The simple acts, and the purest. 

谢谢。我明白了。你所说的就是那些单纯的事，单纯的物，单纯的行为。



神：

Yes. But know this. Some people meditate for years and never experience this. It has to do with how open one is, how willing. And also, how able to move away from any expectation.

没错。但你也要知道，有些人打坐多年，却从没有过这种体验。这跟人“敞开“的程度与愿望的程度有关，也跟他多大程度上能脱离预期心态有关。