巴夏：化疗能治好我的癌症吗？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-05-09



  你好，巴夏！  hello Bashar

  你也日安！  and you good day

  谢谢！  thank you

  最近，我主要是不喜欢我的人生故事  basically I just recently didn't like the story of my life

  哦，好吧  oh all right

  然后你要写一个新的故事吗？  are you going to then write a new story

  是的，其实我现在就在写新故事  I am I'm actually writing the story right now

  多么令人兴奋呀！  how exciting

  我搬到了菲尼克斯，找了个新工作  I moved to Phoenix got a new job yeah

  我生活中的一切和几个月前比起来大不一样了  everything in my life is different than it was a few months ago

  没有什么看起来是一样的  nothing looks the same

  恭喜！  congratulations

  搬到菲尼克斯，浴火重生！  moving to Phoenix and rising from the ashes

  但我的问题是你说到两列不同的火车  but my question is because you talk about the two different trains

  是的，但不止有两个哟，不过继续吧  yes well there's more than two but go on

  那么平行现实基本上是从这九个行星和像这样的星球开始分离的  well the parallel reality is basically it started with the nine planets and things like that

  是的  yes

  自从我改写了我的故事，完全改变了我的周遭环境  since I've changed my story changed my surroundings completely

  你不再是同一个人了  you're not the same person

  好的  okay

  我想这就是  I guess that's

  我想要问的  I would like was going to ask

  实际上每时每刻都不是同个人  literally not the same person moment to moment to moment

  也就是说你是一个新的人，不管你认定你有什么样的过去  which means that the new person you are has whatever history you define to be true

  是的，我感觉到了  okay and I feel that

  我感到事情已经改变了  I feel that things have changed

  是的  yes

  我看待人生的角度不同了  and I see the perspective of life differently

  你是处在一种状态， 在这个状态中你能更容易地打破所谓的时空连续性  you are in a state where you are more easily capable of breaking what is called continuity

  好的  okay

  我要提一下，我想要感谢下乔伊  I do have to mention too I would like to thank Joye

  因为同步性地她给了我这个问题  because the synchronicity of she gave me the question so

  好的，谢谢你们大家的同步性！  all right well thank you all for your synchronicity

  这是一个和谐的安排  it's an orchestration

  我有另一个问题  the other question I had

  有个小背景说下，在我还是小孩的时候，我有过一个濒死体验  it just a little background as far as when I was a kid I had a near-death experience

  多刺激啊！  how exciting

  是哦，因为这改变了我  it was because it changed me

  又一个兴奋  -  是的  well yes again yeah

  这促使我去探寻在那外面到底有什么  it made me search and find you know what was really out there

  因为我有过这种体验  because I had that experience

  这就是为什么你选择拥有这样的体验 -  对的  -  which why you chose to have that right

  但在过去的十年里，我有许多的健康问题  but just in the last ten years I've had numerous medical issues

  好刺激！  how exciting

  我得了肺动脉栓塞  I've had pulmonary embolisms

  喔！

  至少两次  least two

  哇！  wow

  两次肠梗阻  two bowel obstructions

  啊，我的天啊！  oh my goodness

  还有最近在12月  and just recently in December

  你想再回去那里吗？  are you trying to get back there

  不  no

  我不知道，但是在12月  I don't know but in December

  我被诊断出癌症  I was diagnosed with cancer

  好吧，这也很刺激  oh all right that's exciting too

  是啊  yeah

  我的整个故事就是我在努力处理这个限制性的信念： 我相信我也许患有癌症  but my whole thing is I I'm trying to cope with the limiting belief of I believe that I may have the cancer

  但是癌症并没有占据我  but the cancer does not have me

  是的  yes

  所以这是我的真言  so that is my mantra

  所以你可以利用它， 但是你需要去作为一种教学工具作为一种学习工具而使用它  so you can use it however you need to use it as a teaching tool as a learning tool

  由于你好像是经常得病，这看起来似乎是你选择去学习东西的方式， 给自己找事，迫使你以一种新的方式去看待事物  what again since you seem to be doing that a lot that seems to be the way in which you choose to learn things by giving yourself things that force you to look at things in a new way

  由于你在这样去运用它， 由于你一直那样去使用它  since you're using it that way since you've been using it that way

  你便能够从另一个形式去看待它  you can look at this as yet one more form of that

  如果你没有那样的体验，你就不会这么做  what would you not be doing if you didn't have that experience

  我不知道，我想它会把我带到别的地方去  I don't know I think that it's going to lead me to something else

  当然  of course

  这就是为什么我拥有这个体验  and there's a reason why I'm having it

  是的，你能以那种方式承认和包容它吗？ 知道它是以那样的方式服务于你  yes can you own and contain it in that way knowing that it's serving you that way

  而且当它不再服务于你的时候，它就不会在那了  and that when it no longer serves you it won't be there

  因为届时你将会是一个从未有过它的不同的人  because you will be a different person then who never had it

  是哦  yeah

  你确定吗？  are you sure

  你能理解第十三步吗？  can you wrap your mind around the thirteenth step

  现在这对我来说是一种折磨， 因为我要做像化疗和骨髓检测这类的事情  right now it's a struggle because I should be doing like chemotherapy and doing bone marrow tests and stuff like that

  但我有一个信念，我有一个负面的信念对抗着它  but I have a belief that I have a negative belief against it

  我不知道那里的人是否服务我  I don't know that people there whether people there serve me

  好的，确保你清楚你的信念  all right make sure that you are clear about your beliefs

  因为我们知道你们很多人更喜欢以一个更自然的方式去做事情， 总的来说，这通常都是最适合你的  because we understand that many of you prefer to do things in a more natural way and in general that is generally best for you

  但如果你有一个信念系统：这些东西真的会为你有效  but if you have a belief system that those things will actually work for you

  不要忽视它们  -  好的  don't ignore them okay

  你得要对你的信念坦诚  you have to be honest about your belief

  因为它可以教你些东西，去沿着这条道路，然后那样地学习它  because it may be teaching you something to go down that path and learn it that way

  而不一定总是自动地关上那个可能会服务于你的大门  without necessarily always just automatically shutting a door that might serve you

  只是因为你不想要它会对你有效果  just because you don't want it to be the way in which something will work for you

  因为你觉得你应该比这个更灵性  because you think you should be being more spiritual than that

  有时候最灵性的做法就是交托于实际的信念系统， 那将会指引你通关你需要经历的历程  sometimes the most spiritual thing to do is to give over to the actual belief system that will guide you through the process you need to go through

  这不是说你非要这样或那样去做  not saying you have to do it one way or another

  但要明确你要弄明白为什么你说你不想那样做  but just make sure you are clear about why you are saying you don't want to do it that way

  因为如果你检查你的信念，你会发现有一些混合的事情你可以做  because if you examine your beliefs you may find that there is a combination of things you can do

  一些这个，一点那个  some of this a little of that

  也许这其实才是你处在所有不同的决定和选择之间的正确轨道  that may actually be your true path between all the different decisions all the different choices

  所以不要忽视它， 而是要确保你清楚什么才是对你真实的，什么不是  so don't ignore but make sure you are clear about what is true for you and what isn't

  然后你就不会把某些东西贴上“不真实”这个标签  and that you're not labeling something is untrue

  只是因为你害怕它  just because you're afraid of it

  只是因为你认为你不该那样做，这就是我们全部要说的  just because you think you shouldn't have to do it that way that's all we're saying

  所以我的信念足以强大到...？  so is my belief strong enough to

  不是关于有多么强大  not about strong enough

  而是关于你知道什么才是对你真实的  it's about what you know to be true for you

  这是关于明晰度，是否足够清楚  it's about clarity is it clear enough

  我们说的就是这个意思  that's what we're saying

  好的  okay

  所以利用这次机会来检查你的信念，看看 当你愿意敞开心扉让所有的选择平等有效时，你会得出什么结论来  so use this time to examine your beliefs see what conclusions you come to when you are willing to open up to allowing all choices to be equally valid

  那样你就可以选择你所真正喜欢的，而不用否认你所不喜欢的  so that you can choose what you truly prefer without invalidating what you don't prefer

  这将会指引你，这个能量的状态将会指引你  and that will guide you that energy state will guide you

  明白了吗？  -  是的  -  okay alright yeah

  这就是你现在要走的过程  that's your process right now

  好的，谢谢！  okay thank you

  还有  and

  要记住，死亡是你的朋友  remember that death is your friend

  你已经行使过很多次了来帮你改变人生进程  you've used it many times to help you change course

  我不觉得我害怕它，我已经直面过很多次了  I don't think I'm afraid of it I've stared at it a few times so

  正是  exactly

  这就是我们现在说的，没有理由害怕它， 不管这会导致什么结果，没有理由害怕它  so there's no reason to be afraid now is what we're saying no matter what this leads to there's no reason to be afraid

  因为你很熟悉那个领域了  because you're familiar with the territory

  对吧？  yes

  有道理  that makes sense

  好的，你现在在做的就是通过你眼泪的化学反应， 在放手负面的信念  all right and what you're doing right now is letting go of negative beliefs through the chemistry of your tears

  你听得懂吗？  you follow

  每次你紧抓住一个负面的信念或者你改变自己并放手旧观念  every time you hold on to a negative belief or you change yourself and let go of old ideas

  之前在你紧抓那个观念，在你持有那个观念的时候  you before when you held on to the idea when you have the idea

  你一直在生成一种能量层面上信念的化学成分 和化学反映在你的身体中  you always create a chemical component a chemical reflection in your body of an energetic belief

  一旦你改变并放手旧信念  once you change and let go of an old belief

  实际上你必须伴随那个信念一起释放化学成分  you actually have to release the chemical constituent that went along with that belief

  往往你们很多人通过眼泪来释放  and more often than not most of you do it through your tears

  你其实是在清洗负面信念的化学反映，冲刷出你的身体  you're washing the chemical reflection of the negative belief out of your body literally

  恩，这个释放的感觉真好！  well it's a release it feels good

  是啊，这就是为什么哭的感觉很棒！  exactly that's why it feels good

  因为你在哭过之后感到轻松很多  because you feel lighter after doing it

  因为事实上你已扔掉了那些不再与你相关的东西  because you actually have dropped things that are no longer relevant for you

  好的  okay

  明白了吗？  does that make sense

  是的，这是显而易见的  it does it's crystal

  好的  all right

  还有请永远记住，当你踏上这趟旅程  and please always remember that as you go on this journey

  不管你知道了你的一切是什么  whatever it is you know you're all about

  不管你知道你能做什么  whatever it is you know you can do

  提醒你自己  remind yourself

  你可以的，先生  you can sir

  (译注：cancer读音跟can sir相同） 你可以的，先生  you can sir

  我可以的  I can

  是的  yeah

  我可以的，先生  I can sir

  我可以做我想要做的人  I can be who I prefer to be

  我可以的，先生  I can sir

  对吧？  -  是的  yes yes

  非常感谢！  I appreciate that

  不客气，你不是孤单的  you are very welcome and you're not alone

  你一直都有来自你的指导灵和许多其他人的帮助  you're having help with this from your guide and many other beings

  在这个人生的旅程中，你永远不曾孤单过  you're never alone on this journey ever

  你与其他人一起携手共进  you're walking hand in hand with others

  是，好啊  yeah ok

  对不起  I am sorry

  不，不，没有必要道歉  no no there's no need to apologize

  那是你在表达自己，这是极好的  you express yourself it's beautiful

  你还好吗？  alright

  恩 -  那就好  yeah all right

  做个好梦！  sweet dreams

  癌症  cancer

  （你癌症=你可以的，先生）我明白了  you cancer I got it

  你也可以的，先生  and so can you sir

  好  okay

  日安！  -  谢谢你巴夏！  good day thank you bashar

