巴夏：疾病、治疗和信念体系
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-07-09

 

Diseases, Cures and Belief Systems
疾病、治疗和信念体系


Q:  Good evening. 

问:晚上好。
 

B:  And to you, good day.

B:你也好。

 

Q:  I would like some insight into the treatment of liver cancer.

问:我想了解一下肝癌的治疗方法。



B:  Liver cancer! All right. Now, have you been paying attention to some of the things we have already been saying?

B:肝癌!好吧。你有没有注意到我们已经说过的一些事情?

 

Q:  Yes.

问:恩

 

B:  All right. Now: we have shared with many of you, at many times, some ideas about what you might call physiological treatment for any type of disease at all. It will always depend upon your belief system, primarily, as to whether any of these ideas will work for you, however. And it will always depend upon the reason for why you have attracted the idea and created it into your life. For if you have a good enough reason to hang on to it, you will -- regardless of any so-called cure. Because only individuals cure themselves, no matter whom they go to. So there are many ideas, many ideas.

B:好吧。我们已经和你们许多人在很多场合分享了一些关于任何类型疾病的你们也许称之为的生理疗法。然而，它总是取决于你的信念系统，主要是关于哪一个信念会对你有效。它将一直取决于你为什么会吸引这个信念并把它引入你的生活中。因为如果你有充分的理由坚持下去，你就会——无论任何所谓的治疗。因为只有一个人自己可以治愈自己，不管他们去找谁。所以有很多想法，很多想法。

 

First of all: one idea can be to understand, from what you may call a consciousness point of view, the symbolism of what you may call the filtering system, in that sense, of the liver. And to recognize that if you believe there are ideas -- cancerous ideas -- within a consciousness and that they must be filtered out, then that may not actually be an integration process.

首先，有一个概念可以理解的是，从你们叫做意识的角度来看，从那个角度来说，肝脏的意义就是所谓的过滤系统的象征。要认识到，如果你相信有一些想法——似癌的想法——在意识中，它们必须被过滤掉，那么这实际上可能不是一个内在整合的过程。

 

It may be a process of trying to segregate those ideas from you, not accepting them as a part of you to be balanced, blended and transformed, rather than gotten rid of, or expelled from the consciousness. Sometimes a reaction to the idea of attempting to get rid of what you may believe to be negativity or cancerous ideas within you can cause a build-up in organs that symbolize the idea of the filtration system of the body.

这可能是一个试图将这些想法与你分离的过程，不接受它们作为你要去平衡、融合和转化的一部分，多于你想摆脱它或者被意识排除。有时，对于试图摆脱你可能认为是负面的或像癌症一样的想法存在于你之中的反应，这可能会导致（毒素）在器官中的积累，这象征着身体内的过滤系统。

 

To some degree, this has been some of the primal reasons for the general creation of that disease. So, first and foremost, if an individual begins to understand -- metaphysically-speaking, as you say, consciously speaking, as you say, energy-speaking, as you say -- that it is not about getting rid of anything, but about integrating, facing, and going through the ideas; then you can transform ideas into methodologies, into ideas, into opportunities that serve, rather than trying to get rid of them as if they have no business being in anyone’s life.

在某种程度上，这是通常造成这种疾病的主要原因之一。所以,首先,如果一个人开始理解——从形而上学来说,就像你说的,从意识上来说 ,从能量上说 ,这不是关于要摆脱什么,而是关于整合，面对和经历这些想法;然后你可以将这些想法转换为有用的方法、思想和机遇,而不是试图摆脱它们,就好像它们无权存在于任何人的生命中。

 

Now, one very strong methodology, which your society is only just now beginning to play around with, I shall say -- and I do not mean that derogatorily -- is the idea that the body is an electrical conduit, a magnetic conduit. And you can create electrical fields, magnetic fields, very strong fields vibrating at certain frequencies, one of which would be seven and one-half cycles per second, the frequency, electromagnetically speaking, of your planet.

现在，有一个非常强大的方法，我会说你们的社会刚刚才开始玩弄，我并不是贬低的意思，人体是一个电路导管，还是一个磁性导管，你们可以创造电场，磁场，在特定频率振动的非常强的磁场，其中一个便是七个半周期每秒的频率，从电磁上说，这是你们星球的频率。

 

And by immersing a body in that electromagnetic field, you can create a conducive, literally, a conductive atmosphere that may allow the person immersed in that field to allow themselves to realign with the natural field of the earth. For when an individual is balanced with the natural electromagnetic field of the earth, there can be no disease at all of any type, in any way, shape or form.

通过把身体沉浸在这个电磁场中，你就可以创造一个有益的，真正的一个传导的氛围，它可以让那个人沉浸在这个场域里，来让他们自己与地球的天然场域重新对齐。因为当一个人与地球的天然电磁场平衡时，就不会有任何类型、任何形式的疾病了。

 

That is one way to create such a magnetic field. You have just recently in your society invented devices called magnetic resonance imaging scanner devices. Some of these are used to diagnose, but tuned to different frequencies, they can also be used to cure -- something that your scientists are only just beginning to realize.

这是创造这种磁场的一个方法。最近在你们的社会中你们发明了一种叫做磁共振成像扫描仪的装置。其中一些被用于诊断，但是调整到不同的频率，它们也可以用来治疗——这些东西是你们的科学家刚刚才开始意识到的。

 

Also the idea has been discussed, and much literature exists in your society, about the notion of treating the physiological body like what you would call an electric battery, and simply recognizing disease as being out of potential, out of electrical balance. Recreating an electrical balance in the body will allow the energy systems to flow in the natural way they need to: realign and flush out and transform all the imbalance back into a balanced state.

这个观点也被讨论过，在你们的社会中有很多文献，关于就像你们所谓的电池那样对待生理身体的这个理念，简单地把疾病看成是没有电能了，脱离了电平衡。在身体内重建电平衡将会使能量系统自然地流动，他们需要:重新调整和清洗，并将所有的不平衡转化回平衡的状态。

 

You may do your research on that idea. And there are individuals present this night of your time that can assist you in directing you to some of that literature. These are two of the strongest ways.

你可以对这个理念进行研究。今天晚上有一些在场人会帮助你指导你去读一些那样的文学作品。这是两种最有效的方式。

 

There may be other ideas that come up that you may call cures of various types. But every kind of a cure that you invent, if it works for an individual, will only be an exteriorized reflection of what you already believe is possible for you. So, does that serve you?

可能还有其它的点子出现，你们可以称之为各种类型的治法。但是你们发明的每一种治疗方法，如果它对一个人有效的话，仅仅只是你已相信对你有可能的东西的外在反射。那么，这对你有帮助吗?

 

Q:  Yes, thank you.

问:是的,谢谢。

 

B:  Well, thank you very, very, much. And remember that even in the creation of disease, even though it may start out from an invalidational and judgmental point of view -- from a negative point of view -- recognize that because you are choosing your reality, that someone who even chooses a disease, does so out of strength. Because they know they can handle whatever it is that disease will teach them, one way or another.

B:嗯，非常非常感谢你。并且记住,即使疾病的产生,即使它可能从否认和评判的角度开始产生的，从消极的观点开始产生的——要认识到,因为你选择了你的现实,有人即使选择了疾病,选择了如此的没有力量。因为他们知道不管疾病会教会他们什么，他们都能处理疾病。

 

So if you look at the idea from the point of view of strength instead of weakness, then you can self-empower the being to recognize that they, in creating it, have the opportunity to create it in another way, to transform it into another creation. Thank you.

因此，如果你从力量的角度来看待疾病，而不从软弱无力的角度，那么你就可以自我授权，来认识到他们在创造疾病的同时，也有机会以另一种方式去重塑它，把它转变成另一种创造物。谢谢你！

 

Q:  Thank you.

问:谢谢你。

 

B:  Exciting dream energies to you this night of your time. Focus on the idea of blue-white electromagnetic light, and align with the magnetic flow of your planet. Sleep well. Sharing!

B:祝你今晚有个让你兴奋不已的梦。专注在蓝白色电磁光，并与你们行星的地磁径流相对齐。睡个好觉!

