巴夏：我精神上感觉很好，但为什么一直生病？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-09-11




  谢谢，巴夏！  Thank You Bashar

  你也日安！  and to you good day

  我的问题是关于身体健康的  my question is about physical health and

  然后？  and

  我会这样说  I'll say it like this

  我知道我的本质最终并不是物质身体，也不是物质世界  I know myself to not be the physical body or the physical world ultimately in my essence

  然而，尽管事实上我觉得我的振动和幸福感比以前更高了  and yet despite the fact that I feel like my vibration and my sense of well-being is higher than it's ever been

  我注意到我的身体皮肤上不断表现出慢性疾病  I noticed that I continue to manifest chronic illness within my body on my skin

  好的，因此  alright and therefore

  因为如你说的你知道你运作在更高的振动上  since as you say you know that you're operating on a higher vibration

  第一个假设会是这段经历是如何为我服务的  the first assumption would be how does this experience serve me

  因为它必须是有一个积极的理由为我服务  because it must be serving me for a positive reason

  即使我可能不知道那是什么  even though I may not be aware of what that is

  因为它一定是我在更高的振动下运作的结果  because it must be the result of me operating on a higher vibration

  也就是说由于在更高的振动下运作  which means by operating on a higher vibration

  我一定能够应付任何事情，这个经历必定教会我  I must be able to handle whatever it is, this experience has to teach me

  那么你从这个经历中学到了什么呢？  so what are you learning from having this experience

  这样的体验是如何服务你的？  how is it serving you to have this experience

  你从这次经历中获得什么益处呢？  what are you getting out of beneficially having this experience

  或者你认为你需要这种体验用来做什么？  or what do you believe you might need to have this experience for

  如果你能回答其中任何一个  if you can answer any of those

  你就会开始走上了解你为什么会显化这种情况之路  you will be starting on the path to understanding why you may be manifesting this

  因为它不能与你的振动相矛盾  because it can't be a contradiction to your vibration

  它一定是你振动的结果，由于一个积极的原因  it has to be the result of your vibration for a positive reason

  对吗？  yes

  是的，我从这次皮肤催化剂中学到了很多令人惊叹的经验  right and there are many amazing lessons that I've learned from having the skin catalyst

  它把我带到了最美好的形而上学的深入自我觉悟的道路上  it's taken me down the most metaphysical beautiful path of deepening in my self-realization

  好吧，所以这可以是为什么你显化这个的一个原因，对吗？  alright so that can be one reason why you manifested this, yes

  当然  certainly

  还有另一个问题  now here's another question

  你相信也许有另外一种方法可以让你学到同样的经验吗？ 而不一定需要这样去显化它或者用这个特殊的体验去驱使你自己  do you believe that there might be another way in which you can learn the same lessons without necessarily needing to manifest it this way or prompt yourself with this particular experience

  恩  yes

  你能想象得到的， 你会愿意在不这样做的情况下 学习同样的经验的另一种可能的方式是什么？  and in your imagination what might another way be that you would be willing to learn the same lessons without doing it this way

  嗯，我觉得这个催化剂让我走上了这样一条道路， 我深深地扎根于渴望探索更深层次自我觉悟的道路上  hmm well I feel like the path that this catalyst has taken me on is so firmly rooted in terms of my desire to explore my self-realization on deeper levels

  恩  yes

  所以我觉得在这个时候， 即使这个皮肤催化剂离开了，我还是会同样继续走下去  and so I feel like at this point even if the skin catalyst were to leave I would continue down the same

  我基本理解  I understand that fundamentally

  但我问你的是， 你相信有什么其它方法你还能够给自己这样做的动力？  but I am asking you in what other ways do you believe you would be able to give yourself the impetus to do so

  如果你不再有那个特别的信号  if you didn't have that particular signal anymore

  什么信号会让你继续探索那些东西？  what signal would get you to continue to explore those things

  我觉得在这个时候我不需要信号了  I feel like at this point I wouldn't need a signal

  也许这是一个有限的观点  perhaps that's a limited perspective

  好吧  all right

  但我觉得不管发生什么，皮肤催化剂还是什么  but I do feel like regardless of what happens skin catalyst or not

  我是不会放弃我的灵性道途，可以说是我不会停止的  I'm not going to abandon my spiritual path you could say I'm not gonna stop

  好吧，所以从某种意义上说，你是说你优先不必再这样经验它了  alright so in a sense you are saying you have a preference not to necessarily experience it this way anymore

  但如果它继续下去的话  but if it did continue

  你不一定会认为它是无效的，对吧？  you wouldn't necessarily invalidate it, would you

  对的  -  好吧  correct all right

  所以从某种意义上说，你是说不管它是否继续存在都无关紧要  so in a sense you're saying it doesn't really matter whether it continues or not

  重要的是你会怎么对待它，若是它继续这样或者没有  it's what you do with it if it continues or not

  对吗？  yes

  我的首选是它不会继续，但我...  my preference is that it would not continue but I

  但这是偏好还是你让它有条件的？  but is it a preference or are you making it conditional

  它真的不能再继续下去了  that it really must not continue

  或者你真的明白吗，不管它是不是这对你来说并不重要  or do you really understand that it doesn't matter to you whether it does or not

  我知道这并不重要  I understand that it doesn't matter

  然而  and yet

  我的问题是  my question would be

  如果你能觉察到也许我持有某种能量扭曲  if you can perceive perhaps some sort of energetic distortion that I'm holding on to that would perpetuate

  你会如何描述物理上的显化？  how would you describe the manifestation physically

  它看起来是如何显现的？  how does it appear to manifest

  又热又痒，而且有点持续强烈的  hot and itchy and kind of consuming and relentless

  持续强烈的，好吧  relentless alright

  你是不是很想做一些你没做过的事情？  are you itching to do something you're not doing

  有一种渴望去创造更多的，我已经开始更多地分享我的经验和智慧  there's been an itching to create more which I've begun to honor more in sharing my experiences and my wisdom and

  有某一方面你犹豫不决的吗？  but is there an aspect of it that you're holding back

  在向前过程中有什么是你害怕表达的吗？你说的是你的激情  is there something you're afraid to express in moving forward and what you say is your passion

  再也不会了  not anymore

  从这一刻起还是曾经有？  from this moment or was there

  曾经有  there was

  那是什么？  what was that

  是什么信念阻碍了你？  what belief was holding you back

  我想这归结于其他人的想法，或者我给出的信息是否对别人有价值  I think it just came down to what other people would think or whether or not the information I would put out would be valuable to others

  你是否明白，如果这是你的真理，那它对别人也是有价值的  do you understand that if it is your truth, it is going to be valuable to someone

  我明白  I do

  好了，所以你不再有任何犹豫或抗拒， 把自己置身于代表你真理的道路上  alright so you have no longer any hesitation or resistance to putting yourself out there in the way that represents your truth

  对的  -  好吧  correct all right

  你现在感觉怎么样？  how do you feel right now

  很喜悦  quite blissful

  好的  alright

  所以如果那是你喜欢的状态  so if that's the state that you prefer

  那么我们会建议你呆在那个振动的状态中  then we would suggest you stay in that vibratory state

  明白吗？  -  恩  yes yes

  那么在那个振动状态下你不会感受到持续不断的发痒 或者任何你所描述的其他症状  and then in that vibratory state you will not feel itchy relentlessness or any of those other symptomologies that you've been describing

  因为它们与这个状态无关  because they're not germane or relevant to that state

  对吗？  yes

  恩  yes

  但你需要呆在那个状态中  but you need to stay in that state

  我明白了，谢谢！  I understand thank you

  这有帮助吗？  does that help you

  这对我很有帮助，我很感激  it helps me a lot I appreciate it

  谢谢！  thank you thank you

  你们所有人请理解，每一个状态都是不同的、独立的， 定义上的细微差别那就是一个完全不同的状态，伴随着完全不同的体验  all of you please realize every single state is distinct and discrete and the slightest difference in definition is a completely different state with completely different experiences that go along with it

  因此，请务必注意不要在你喜欢的状态中创建矛盾的定义  so be aware be very aware to not create contradictory definitions within the state you prefer

  因为当人们说比如我跟随自己的激情， 但如果我按照自己的激情行事，要是不好的事情发生会怎么样  for when people say things like I am following my passion but what if I act on my passion and something bad happens

  那不是激情状态的定义  that's not a definition of the state of passion

  那是不同的状态  that's a different state

  所以，请注意你是如何制定你状态的定义  so watch how you formulate the way in which you define your state

  因为通常这恰恰决定了你将如何体验你的人生  because usually that determines exactly how you will experience your life

  因为即使在定义上看似是极小的差异， 也能对你的人生体验产生最具深远的影响  because even what may appear to be the smallest difference in definition can make the most profound difference in your experience of life

  所以要注意并明确你的定义，不要互相矛盾搞混它们  so pay attention and be clear and precise about your definitions and don't blend them together in contradictory ways

  如果你不想经历混乱或矛盾的生活的话  if you don't want to experience a confusing or contradictory life

