巴夏：别等，去做！
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-05-20
问：

I've been trying to lose weight for a good 10 years now, and I just wondered if you might share any insight as to why I'm hanging onto the extra weight. 

我试图减肥长达十年之久，但这些赘肉始终“不离不弃”，我想知道它们为何如此“痴情”？



巴夏：

Alright, to be brief, we have discussed many times the idea of "waiting" to do what excites you and, therefore, literally retaining weight.

这个话题，我们之前已经谈过多次。简单地说，就是你一直在“等待waiting”着去做你兴奋的事情。就是你一直在“等待Wait”，于是你一直有“重量Weight”（两个单词发音一样）



Are you doing the thing that excites you the most in life? We will begin with this particular approach. Yes or no? 

你在生活中，一直都做着最让你兴奋的事情吗？我们先从这个问题开始，是还是不是？



问：

Probably not.

也许不是



巴夏：

Probably not. You're not sure? 

也许不是！你还不确定哈？



问：

Well, I'll say no. 

好吧！实话实说，不！



巴夏：

Alright. Why not? Why are you waiting to do it?

好！那为什么不呢？



You see, the idea in some sense has a literal connotation in your language about "waiting." 

你们有没有发现，英文单词Waiting 已经暗含了这个问题的答案



Because if you have all this energy as a creator and you are keeping it pent up, then many times that energy will convert into mass. 

因为你作为一个创造者，有着非常强大的能量，但你若一直把这能量抑制住，那这些能量通常都会转化成质量

注：爱因斯坦 E=MC2 （能量 = 质量 X 光速的平方）



But if you do what excites you the most it converts from mass back to energy and you are not "weight-ing" anymore. You understand? 

但你若去做你兴奋的事，那你就把质量又转化成能量，你就不再有赘肉了，你明白吗？（weight-ing保持在有重量的状态，或者weight-in 内在有重量）



问：

Yes. 

明白了！



巴夏：

What is preventing you from acting on the thing that excites you? Do you know what would excite you the most to do? 

是什么在阻止你去做你兴奋的事？你想做的最兴奋的事，是什么？你自己知道吗？



问：

No. But I feel that what I'm doing gives me security. 

不懂！但我感觉我现在所做的事，能给我安全感



巴夏：

Security? Security...alright. 

安全感？好吧！



It gives you security to continue to have a life of doing what you do not want to do.

它所给的安全感，让你可以一辈子都做着你不想做的事？



Is that the type of security you wish? 

这样的安全感，是你想要的吗？



问：

Well, I guess I did it to feel secure. 

但我感觉，确实安全！



巴夏：

Alright. You did, and for then that was fine. 

你以前确实觉得安全，这也是很好的



But obviously you are now questioning it. 

但现在不同了，你很明显在质疑它了



Which means you may not want it anymore. 

这也意味着，你也许不再想要这样的安全感了



Do you understand that the issue is, if you really do what excites you the most, that is the most secure thing you can do,

你知道吗，去做最让你兴奋的事，这才是你能做的最安全的事



because that is the thing which is most you and therefore, the thing that will be able to really support you most effortlessly? 

因为最让你兴奋的事，其实就是更大、更完整的你，只有祂才能以最轻松不费力的方式，支持着你



Do you understand that principle? 

这个运作原则，你能理解吗？



问：

Yes, I understand. 

是的，我明白！



巴夏：

Alright. Do you think you understand enough to act on that principle, to act as if that principle could be, just maybe, true for you too? 

好！那你觉得，你对这个原则的理解是否清楚，你可以照着去行动



Or do you think you might be an exception out of all the beings in the Universe that it would not work for you? 

还是你觉得它对宇宙中所有万物都有效，对你确是个例外？



问：

No... 

不……



巴夏：

Did you just sigh? That's a "letting go"...a kind of release. 

你叹气了吗？这是一种“放下”，是一种释放



And Be proud of who you are, no matter who you are. 

要对你自己感到自豪，不论你现在是什么样子



You understand? 

你明白吗？



Do the things you really prefer to do, to the best of your ability as you can do them now. 

做你真正喜爱的事，尽你最大能力地去做，而且现在就做



You do not have to wait until you lose weight before you do the things you can do now. 

不要等到你减了肥才做，你现在就能做



Start doing them now and you will lose the weight. 

现在就做，你就会减肥 / 富足/ 健康 /兴奋……


-------------------------------------------
图片
本文节选自巴夏通灵资料集《Quest For Truth — 100 Insights That Could Change Your Life》，无视频、无音频