巴夏：吃得更少，吃得更健康！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-10-12

问：

Good day, bashar! 

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, good day! 

你好，日安！



问：

How will the types of food and our relationship with food change for our benefit during this ascension process? 

在扬升过程中，为了自身的益处，我们的食物的类型，以及我们与食物的关系，将会有何变化呢？



巴夏：

Well, as you change for your own benefit, you may find that there are certain things that you simply not attracted to eat anymore. 

当你出于自身的益处而做出改变时，你可能会发现：自己已经不再被某些食物所吸引了



As you change your own frequency, you will be attracted to what you truly need and you will let go of what you truly do not. 

随着你的振频的改变，你会被你真正需要的食物所吸引，也会放下你所并不需要的食物



It's as simple as that. 

就这么简单！



You have to force it. It will be automatic.

你不需要强迫自己（改变），这将是一个自动的过程



if you are clear within yourself, and you allow yourself to go with the natural biological flow of what it is you truly need at any given moment 

如果你内心清明透彻，并且跟随身体 在每一个时刻 自然生理需求的流动



Then you will know exactly what it is you need to eat and what it is you don't. 

那么，你就会清楚地知道：哪些是你需要吃的，哪些是你不需要吃的



Now, some people will find that as they refine and upgrade, so to speak their vibrational frequency, you will probably most likely on average eat less and you will probably most likely on average eat things that are lighter in frequency 

有些人会发现，随着自己不断“提纯”或“升级”自己的振频，他们（很可能）吃的少了，并且，（很可能）选择吃那些频率更加轻盈的食物



But again, it depends on the person. It depends on the path. It depends on why you're choosing to experience that 

但这取决于个人，取决他们的道路，也取决于他们为什么要选择这样的经历



You have to, once again, take it on a person by person case-by-case basis as to what is correct and appropriate for that particular individual 

你需要根据每个人的具体情况，做具体分析，从而得出正确的、适宜的吃法



But there is the overall average that as you lighten up, most likely would will your diet. 

但总体而言，随着你变得轻盈了，你的食物也会更加轻盈



Because you simply lose the urge to eat things that are no longer relevant or vibrationally compatible with you 

因为，你对那些与你的振频不一致或不相关的食物，已经没有食欲了



Yes? 

明白了吗？



问：

Make sense! 

有道理！



巴夏：

I know! That's why I said it. 

我知道！所以我才说！