巴夏：少食多餐，活力健康
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-12-14



In many ways, five or six or even seven very small meals during the entire day is much healthier for you than two or three very large meals a day. 

在很多方面，一天之内吃5或6甚至7次“小小餐”，会比吃2或3次“大大餐”来得健康许多。



You will be feeding the engine of your body exactly, precisely only as it needs to be fed, rather than loading it down with too much to process. 

以这种方式进食方式的话，你给自己喂养的，正是你的整个身体机能运作所需要的确切的食物量，而不是（一次性）大量“填充”后，再慢慢消化。



So perhaps every three hours or so, just a little bit to eat, just a little bit to drink will feel more healthy, more energizing to you. 

所以，大约每隔三小时，你就吃一点、喝一点，这会让你感觉更加健康，更加有能量（活力）。



You can adjust yourself to fit what feels natural for you. 

（间隔时间和进食量）你可以自行调整，只要让你感觉自然，就行。



But also understand the following thing, any difficulty you might feel in changing these things may simply be the product of having created the habit of thinking there is resistance to moving toward your more natural self because of inertia. 

但你也要知道，在改变这些习惯过程中你所感受到的任何困难，可能是你的习惯性死思维造成的。因为你可能习惯性认为“在迈向成为更加自然的本我路上，肯定会由于惯性，而不可避免会出现阻抗”。



Inertia, simply meaning you may have been doing what you're doing for so long that you have created a kind of groove or rut for yourself that has some difficulty in changing. 

惯性，简而言之，就是你长时间的某种行事方式，给自己制造出了类似“沟槽”或“车辙”那样的东西，让你在改变的时候，会有些困难。



Therefore, sometimes one of the easiest ways to break out of your normal eating and sleeping cycles is to break the cycle altogether for a little while, rather than doing it gradually. 

因此，有时候，打破自己正常的饮食和睡眠周期的最简单的方法之一，就是在一段时间内，一下子将其打破，而不是慢慢地来。



Sometimes one of the healthiest things you can do, again, absolutely depending on the individual--is to have a one to three day fast where you are drinking only very light liquids. 

有时候，你能做的最健康的事，（再次提醒，这完全取决于个人情况），就是进行1至3天的禁食，在此期间，你只喝一些轻质的液体。



This can clear you out, it can allow you to feel more energized. 

这是你对身体的一次大扫除，会让你感觉更有活力。



And then you can go into a more natural cycle from that point forward. 

在此之后，你就可以进入一个更加自然的生理周期。



Again, these are simply suggestions for you to explore. It is not telling you that you must do it this way. 

再次提醒，这些只是你可以去探索的建议，而不是说你一定得这么做