巴夏：生命的秘密，在于呼吸，在于氧气
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-07-16

在 2019年2月25日的传讯中，巴夏对一个“以死藤水为师”的提问者说：

You have to take in more oxygen to handle higher frequencies, that's why the automatic breathing pattern of the channel before you.

你必须吸入更多的氧气，才能运用（handel）更高的频率（frequencies），这也是为什么你面前的Darryl在通灵状态时，会自动地以这样的方式呼吸

handel 有触及、运用、处理、驾驭等意思

higher frequencies，更高频率的能量、信息、波段



巴夏：

Oxygen, life of breath are the keys to the core of your being in physical reality. 

在每个呼吸中，你所吸入的氧气，对于维持你在现实生活（实相）生存，是极其重要的



If you will learn to oxygenate your system through the breath of life, through yogic practices, or the oxygenation of your body through systems now recognized as a substance of hydrogen peroxide in proper formulation, you will energize and oxygenate your cellular structures. 

如果你学会通过呼吸法，或瑜伽练习，或者摄入恰当配方的过氧化氢（双氧水），来使你的身体的（循环）系统充氧，那么你的所有细胞结构都将供氧充足，并且充满能量。



You will allow your core to derive the sustenance that it needs, to allow the rest that does not need to be there to drop away. 

身体也将自动提取所需营养物质，并排除不需要的杂质、废弃物



This is one thing you could do. 

这是你可以（为自己）做的一件事



It will be up to you and it will depend upon exactly how much you can allow yourself to align, to allow you to face things and issues that you, or others, have not faced within themselves. 

当然，这一切都取决于你自己，取决于你多大程度让自己跟“真正的自己”相匹配，取决于你是否真实地面对自己（和他人）内在的尚未面对的事情和问题。



Understand? 

你明白吗？



问：

I do. 

我明白了



巴夏：

You are a reflection of many of the fears that your society has about the blending of energies and polarities within themselves, that they have been afraid to blend. 

你虽然只是一个人，但你却是你们社会的各种各样的恐惧的一个“反射”。你们不敢融合新能量，不敢面对你们内在的（二元）对立面



You are a reflection of many of the barriers they have imposed upon themselves that they now no longer need, and you are performing a service in this sense. 

你们给自己强加了各种各样的障碍，而这些障碍你们已不再需要。你向外界（社会）反射了这些障碍，这就是你所做的贡献



Allow the artificiality to go. 

但，是时候释放这些人为的障碍了



You will rebuild the structure in a new way, and it will be more representative of your natural self. 

你将会以新的方式重建这些架构，新的架构将更能彰显出真实天然的“你”



You must trust the timing and you must be at your center. 

你必须相信“时机”，并且保持在你的内在中心



Do not worry. 

别担心



You really have not bitten-off more than you can chew. 

你所咬下的肉，都是你能嚼的动的

（意思：“出现在你生命中的问题，你都能解决”，或者“神不会给予你解决不了的问题”）



Now, you will receive help with this. 

你也会得到所需的帮助的



You will receive assistance, but you must have faith and you must go to the center of Life itself, which is breathing. 

你会得到帮助的！但你必须有信心，并且进入“生命本质的中心”，也就是呼吸



The secret is in the breath—in oxygen itself. 

秘密就在呼吸中，就在氧气中



This is all we can help you with this day. 

我们今天带给你们的帮助，就是这个



There are others who will assist you. 

你们还会得到其他帮助的



Alright?

可以吗？



问：

Thank you very much. 

非常感谢！



巴夏：

Our unconditional love to you and unconditional joy. 

我们无条件地爱着你们，祝你们也拥有无条件的喜悦

