巴夏：世界和平
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-06-12


World Peace 

世界和平



Circa 1986

通讯时间：大概1986



Q:  This is my first time meeting you.  I'm concerned with world peace.

问：这是我第一次见到你，我比较关心世界和平。





B:  CONCERNED with world peace.

巴夏：关心世界和平。





Q:  How can we, how can we create, to use your terms.

问：我们如何才能建立世界和平，用你的话来说。


B:  Yes.

巴夏：恩



Q:  How can we create, or recreate... has there ever been a time when the world was not at war?

问：我们如何建立或者再现……曾经有过一段世界上没有战争的时期吗？


B:  Yes.

巴夏：有





Q:  That's one question, and the other is how can we then recreate that time?

问:这是一个问题，而另一个问题是，我们如何才能重现那段时期呢?





B:  Thank you. It is very simple, act like your world is at peace.  LIVE in peace within yourself first, then you, as an individual, will set a shining example for how other individuals may be able to choose to live as well.  ONE individual makes a difference, and the fundamental idea that we have shared with many of your individuals, many times, let us say, to render it down into a basic formula, if you wish: You do not get peace by hating war; you get peace by loving peace.

巴夏:谢谢。这很简单，就像你们世界是和平那样去行事。首先活在你自己内心的和平之中，然后你作为一个个体，你会为其他人树立一个光辉的榜样，他们也能够选择这样的生活方式。每个人都是非常重要的，这个基本理念我们与你们许多人分享过很多次了，可以这样说，如果你愿意的话，把它概括为一个基本的公式：“你不会通过憎恨战争而获得和平;通过热爱和平你才能实现和平。”【“憎恨战争并不能带来真正的和平,只有热爱和平的人才能带来真正的和平”】







Therefore, the idea is if you know that peace is the way you wish to live, then live as if that is the only way there is.  When you place judgement upon what is happening in your world, you are reinforcing the idea of all the negative occurrences.  By being worried about them, you are sending them reinforcing negative energy, because what you are doing when you WORRY about the negative is you are saying you believe it has more ability to be more powerful than peace.  So you are WORRIED that it will get the upper hand, as you say.  When you simply KNOW that peace and harmony and the vibrational resonance that goes along with it is the most powerful vibration that there is, then you will amply recognize that you, as an individual, are as powerful as you need to be to have anything you desire without having to hurt anyone else to get it.  And, therefore, you can radiate this belief to other individuals who then, if they decide to, can also choose it or their own right to share that similar belief with you.



因此，如果你确信和平是你希望的生活方式，那么就和平地生活就好像那是唯一的方式。当你对你世界上正在发生的事情作出批判时，你就是在强化所有负面的事件。经由担心它们，你就是在发送给它们加强版的负面能量，因为当你担心负面事件的时候，你所做的就是说你相信它们有比和平更强大的能力。所以你担心它会占据上风，正如你所说的。当你清楚和平与和谐，以及随之而来的共振，是存在着的最强大的振动，那么你将充分认识到你作为一个个人，你是如你需要般的那样强大可以拥有任何你想要的东西，而不用去伤害任何人只为得到你想要的。因此，你可以向其他人辐射这种信念，然后，如果他们下定决心，也可以选择它或他们自己的权利与你分享类似的信念。





All that is necessary is to begin to reflect to the individuals in your society, and to teach them that EVERY INDIVIDUAL is already complete, has already ALL of the power and the abilities that they require to have anything they desire without having to forsake their integrity and harm someone else to get it.

一切所需做的是开始向你们社会中的人们反映,并教导他们：每个人都是本自圆满的，本自具足的。已经具有他们所需要的所有的力量和能力,可以拥有任何他们想要的东西，而不用丢弃他们的正直诚信和为了得到它而去伤害别人。





Recognize this.  When you observe the idea of the warfare over ideologies going on on your planet, view this understanding: an individual who TRULY BELIEVES in something doesn't have to force that belief on anyone, for they know the belief, in and of itself, is worthy of merit and manifestation.  Therefore, recognize that if you find individuals and /or societies, and/or governments, and/or religions, and/or any other sociological system in your society, forcing a belief on someone else, they obviously do not believe in the power of that belief themselves. (AUD: laughs).



要认识到这一点。当你观察你们星球上发生的意识形态的战争时，揣度以下的理解:一个真正相信某件事的人不需要强迫别人相信那个信念，因为他们知道，这个信念本身是值得有价值的和值得显现的。因此，要认识到，如果你在你们的社会中发现某个人，或是团体、或是政府、或是宗教或者其它任何社会制度，强迫别人相信某个信念，那么他们显然不相信这个信念本身的力量。







That is our suggestion to you (garbled) peace, is to teach your people that; but not that they have to choose to understand you, or believe you, but simply that you are willing to function as a reflection of the fact that you know that peace IS power, in that way, and the granting of EQUALITY and validity to all.  UNITY, unity is the product of the granting of equality and validity to the infinite diversity within creation.  In other words, there is no one way; there are many ways to recognize one's relationship to All That Is.  If there was only one way, there would only be one person.



这是我们给你的建议，和平是教导你们的人,但并不是说他们必须选择理解你,相信你,只是你愿意起到反射事实的作用，这个事实便是你知道和平就是力量,以这种方式,赋予一切平等性和有效性。统一，统一是承认造物中的无限多样性是平等和有效的产物。换句话说，并不是只有一种方式;有很多方式可以认识到一个人与一切万有的关系。如果只有一个方式，那么就只会有一个人。





Therefore, it is in recognizing that every individual has chosen what they have chosen because they are learning what they think they need to learn.  By granting them the right to do so, you then reflect to them an opportunity that you believe that what they are doing is right for them.  At the same time, along with that message, comes the polarity message that since I am supporting you just the way you are, you now have the opportunity to see reflected from me an opportunity, now that all choices are equal, to choose what reality you prefer to choose.  Do you follow me?



因此，要认识到每个人都选择了他们所选择的东西，因为他们正在学习他们认为需要学习的东西。通过承认他们这样做的权利，你就反照给他们一个你相信他们所做的事情是正确的前景。与此同时，伴随着之前的信息，因为我支持你现在的样子，便出现了相对立的信息，你现在有机会看到我反射的机会，现在所有的选择都是平等的，选择你喜欢的现实吧。你明白吗?



Q:  Oh yes.

问:哦,是的。



B:  Does this assist you?

巴夏:这对你有帮助吗?



Q:  Well, not exactly.

问:嗯,不完全是。



B:  Why not?  Is it not what you expected?

B:为什么不呢?这不是你所期望的吗?



Q:  Because, because what you are saying, no, what you are saying is that we are all in total control...

问:因为你说，不，你说的是我们都在完全掌控之中……



B:  Yes.

巴夏：是的



Q:  …and I can't quite agree with that.

问：我不太同意



B:  Oh, but you are anyway. (AUD: laugh). The idea is simply that, because your society has made a determination, as you call it, so many thousands of years ago, so long ago as you count time, to explore every single nook and cranny of limitation, separation, and judgment, the idea that comes along with the decision to explore limitation, separation, and judgment is the fact that you have forgotten that you have chosen to do so.

巴夏:哦，或多或少你同意了。这个概念很简单,因为你们的社会做出了个决定,正如你所说,在你们数千年前,在你们计算历史的很久以前,决定要去探索限制、分离、批判的每一个角落和缝隙。伴随着探索限制,分离,和批判的决定,事实上你们忘记了你们已选择这样做。





Therefore, it is only the fact that you have forgotten that you chose this exploration of limitation, separation, and judgement that does not let you think or remember that you are in control, even when you create situations in which it seems you are out of control.  But you are in control of creating that situation.  Now...

因此，唯一的真相就是你忘记了你选择了这场对限制、分离和批判的探索，这场遗忘不允许你想起或者忆起你处于控制之中，即使你创造了似乎你失去了控制的情形。但是现在你还掌握着创造这种情形。



Q:  Of creating the out of control situation, is what you're talking about?

问：创造了失控的情形，这是你讲的意思吗？





B:   Yes.  Yes.  Your physiological situations are the product of what you BELIEVE and/or fear (which is a belief) that your reality is.  The idea that if you FEAR something will happen is the same thing as saying you believe that that is the most likely occurrence, therefore, that is what you attract to show you synchronistically that that is your strongest belief.  Those situations come into your life to afford you the opportunity to recognize that you have that belief, and if you don't like it, change it.  Then you know you are in control.  The universe does not do pointless things. (AUD: laugh).  There are no ultimate victims in that way.



巴夏:是的。是的。你的生理状况是你相信或者害怕你的现实是什么(这是一个信念)的产物。如果你害怕某件事会发生，就和说你相信那是最可能发生的事情是一样的性质，因此，那就是你所吸引的，以同步的方式来向你展示这是你最坚定的信念。这些情境进入你的生活中，让你有机会认识到你有那样的信念，如果你不喜欢它，那就改变它。然后你就知道你在掌控之中了。宇宙不会做无意义的事情。没有那种最终的受害者。



Q:  The universe may not do pointless things…

问:宇宙不会做无意义的事情…



B:  You are a part of the universe.

巴夏：你是宇宙的一部分





Q:  …but people do.

问：但是人们做无意义的事





B:   No.  Not really.  Again, the idea is recognizing that everything you create hasreason. It may be only for the reason to show you that you do not like what you have created, and therefore, can choose something else, but that's still a reason and it is not pointless. It is up to you to understand that you have that ability.

巴夏:不。不是真的。同样，要认识到你所创造的一切都有其原因的。这可能只是为了让你明白你不喜欢你所创造的东西，因此，你可以选择其他的东西，这仍然是一个原因，它不是毫无意义的。由你来领悟你有那样的能力。



Let us render it down to the, let us say, most basic common choice. You have the choice, as you say, to believe that you do in fact create your reality or to believe that you do not.  If you choose to believe - and it is your choice to do so -- that you do not create your reality, then every single thing, including this conversation, is absolutely pointless because, at any given moment, according to the belief that you do not create your ability and are not in control of it, anything could occur to wipe out anything that you try to do.  Therefore, you might as well do nothing.  If, on the other hand, you do wish to do nothing, you might as well believe you are in control, otherwise doing something is pointless. (AUD: laugh).

让我们把它概括为最基本的寻常选择。你有选择的权力，就像你说的，你可以选择相信你确实创造了你的现实或者选择相信你没有创造你的现实。如果你选择相信你没有创造你的现实,那么每一件事,包括这次对话,都是完全毫无意义的,因为在任何时刻,根据相信你没有创造你的现实并且也没有掌控它,任何事情都有可能发生来抹去任何你想做的事情。因此，你不妨什么都不做吧。另一方面，如果你真的希望什么也不做，你也不妨相信自己是在掌控之中，不然做一些事情也没有意义。





That is the most basic common denominator we can create for that scenario.   You either know you are in control and know that you can have an effect, or you believe you are not in control and therefore, why bother.

这是我们可以为这个场景创建的最基本的标准。你要么知道自己是处于控制之中，知道你可以起作用，要么你认为自己是无法控制的，因此，何必多此一举。





Q:  You’re saying in control of your own life, right?

问:你是说掌控自己的人生，对吧?



B:  Yes.

巴夏：是的





Q:   What about things that are going on elsewhere?

问:在别的地方发生的事情呢?





B:  But you have chosen to interact with these things, and the idea is that, while you can project yourself into a reality where you have the ability to recognize that these other choices are going on all around you, they don't have to negatively affect your life.

巴夏:但是你选择了与这些事情相互作用，虽然你可以把自己投射到一个现实中，在那里你有能力意识到这些其它的选择都发生在你周围，但它们并不会对你的生活产生负面影响。



Q:   OK.  So I can see from them that that’s not what I choose.

问:好的。所以我能从它们身上看出那不是我所选择的。



B:  Correct.

巴夏：正确





Q:   That's what I prefer.

问:这就是我想要的



B:  Correct.   And therefore, by being fully the being you chose to be, you can, therefore, set the strongest, brightest, and fullest example to them that they have an opportunity to choose something else, which they can see in you, if they don't prefer what they're doing.

B:正确。因此，通过全心全意成为你选择要做的人，然后你就可以为他们树立一个最强大、最闪耀、最完美的榜样，让他们有机会选择一些别的选项，如果他们不喜欢自己正在做的事情，他们就能在你身上看到榜样。





Q:  What if they don't choose to?

问：如果他们不那样选择呢？





B:  That is up to them.   Do not forget one thing.  EVERYONE is eternal.  You are indestructible forever, therefore, what's the rush? (AUD: laugh)  There is no need to worry ultimately about anyone else because if they "choose not to do it this time," they may choose to do it next time. And they have an infinite supply of next times. (AUD: laugh).

巴夏:这取决于他们。不要忘记一件事情。每个人都是永恒的。你是永远坚不可摧的，因此，慌啥子？根本没有必要担心其他人，因为如果他们“这次选择不去做”，他们可能会选择下次做。而且有无限个“下次”供给他们。



Now, the idea is simply deciding whether or not you want to wait that many next times or choose to do it now.  That is all there is to it. Therefore, if you take the pressure off of your need, YOUR NEED, to have them make a decision that’s all right with you, then you will fully grant them the true ability to choose to change their minds.

这个道理很简单，就是你决定是否想要等待很多个下次，还是选择现在就去做，仅此而已。因此，如果你放下“他们必须要这么做的”的包袱，你需要他们做出决定的包袱，这些你都不介意的话，那么你就会充分地给予他们真正可以选择改变他们想法的能力。





As long as you think they MUST change their minds, in order to find benefit in the situation they are living, you are only reinforcing that the reality they have chosen is, in fact, something worth less than your reality.  And you’re only supporting their choice of negativity and reinforcing it by judging their situation to be worth less than yours.

只要你认为他们必须改变他们的想法，为了在他们所生活的环境中获得好处，你其实只是在强化他们所选择的现实不如你的现实。你只会维持他们消极的选择，而且经由批判他们的处境不如你的处境，从而你是在强化它们。



Q:  OK.  If man is eternal, a nuclear…

问:好的。如果男人是永恒的,一个核…



B:   And woman.

巴夏：还有女人



Q:  And woman.  (OTHER AUD: laughs).  The generic.

问:还有女人。通用的。



B:   Yes.

巴夏： 是的





Q:   OK.  If the human being is eternal and goes on forever and ever…

问:好的。如果人类是永恒的,永远继续下去…





B:  Not the HUMAN being.

巴夏：不是人类





Q:  All right.

问：好吧





B:  The idea of your consciousness, things besides human.

巴夏：是你的意识，人类之外的东西





Q:   All right.  OK.  I'll accept that.  Then a nuclear holocaust really doesn't matter, does it?

问:好吧。好的。我会接受这些。那么核子浩劫真的是无所谓的，不是吗?





B: Not in an ultimate sense. However, the idea, simply again, is that you have the

巴夏:从根本上说不是的。然而，简单来说是，就是你们



opportunity to recognize that that particular type of physiological annihilation will co-

有机会认识到这种特殊的生态灭绝将会



co-create imbalances in many dimensional rifts and will not remain, as you say, in your own

在许多维度的裂缝间产生不平衡，并不是像你们说的那样，还留在你家的后院里



backyard. Therefore, the idea is simply that is the ONE manifestation you will not be

因此，就是这一种破坏的显现



allowed to manifest at this time, because you are too closely connected to many other

你们不会被允许在这个时候出现核子毁灭，因为在这个时候你们和很多其他的文明都太过紧密联系了



civilizations at this time. You may annihilate yourselves in any other way, (AUD: laugh).

你们可以选择别的方式来毁灭自己呀。



as long as you keep it to yourselves. (AUD: laugh).

只要你控制好只对针对你们自己



Now the idea is, again, that we are not here to run your lives. It is, in a sense, the

再一次，我们不是来这里管理你们的生活的。从某种意义上说



only exception that is made, simply because it affects more than just your immediate sphere

这是唯一的例外事情，因为它不仅仅影响你们当前的领域



of influence. HOWEVER, it is our perception and the perception of many civilizations, as

然而，我们和许多文明感知到的是



we read the energy of your mass consciousness, that you have already, as of, what you call,

我们读到你们集体意识的能量，



five to seven of your years ago, decided en masse, though it may be mostly unconsciousness

在你们的五到七年前，虽然可能大部分是无意识的，你们已经一致决定



at a time, to not annihilate yourselves in that way.

不会以那种方式去毁灭自己。



Much of the accelerated negativity you experience upon your planet at this time is actually

在这个时期，在你们星球上你所经历的许多加速的负面性事件实际上是



the result of knowing that it is safe to blow off steam because you will not destroy

“你知道把它们宣泄出去是安全的”的结果，因为你们不会毁灭自己



yourselves. You are giving yourselves an opportunity to accelerate the experience of this

你们给自己一个机会来加快负面极性的体验



negativity and PURGE it from your reality; because once you live through it, very quickly

然后将它从你的现实中清除;因为一旦你经历了它，就会很快地



and very abruptly, you will know you have done it all, and you will not have to go back a

突然间，你会知道你已经全部完成了，你也不需要在你们新的、和谐的意识时代再回去



any of those experiences in your new, integrated age of awareness.

经历这些了。



The idea is that transformation is not the product of mediocrity, and as far to the

这是不是普通的转变



negative as you have allowed yourself to be experiencing life, that is how far to the

你越允许自己在生活中体验更多的负面极性



positive you will experience the new age. It is like a sling shot effect. So you are

你就越在新时代中体验到更多的正面极性，这就像一个弹弓的效应。所以你在



speeding yourselves up, accelerating yourselves, and all of the negativity you are

提速自己，加速自己，



experiencing upon your planet at this time is the product now of bringing what was formerly

现在在这个时期，你们星球上体验的所有负面极性



hidden and covert in your society, and making it overt and obvious; so that your

之前在你们的社会中被隐藏和掩盖，现在它变得明显和公开了



civilization, as a group, can decide, is this what we want or not? Make your choices.

因此你们的文明，作为一个集体，可以决定，这到底是不是我们所想要的? 作出你们的选择吧。



(AUD: many comments from many people). Do you follow me?

你明白吗？



Q: Yes, I follow you. I could extend it, but I'll let someone else have an opportunity.

问：是的，我懂。我会扩展它，我会让别人也有机会的。



B: All right! Thank you for your sharing and your choice to be alive at this time of

巴夏:好吧!谢谢你的分享和你选择生活在这个文明的转变时期



transformation in the civilization you have chosen to be in. For, as we have said, every

因为，正如我们所说的，每个人



individual, no matter what your point of view, makes a difference. Thank you.

无论你的观点如何，都是与众不同的。谢谢你！



Q: Thank you.

问:谢谢你。