巴夏：艺术通常反映了意识的转变
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-04-25 23:08


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年3月25日




问：这个人写道，有越来越多新出的电影聚焦于“公开接触”，

This one person is writing in that there are more and more films coming out focused on the idea of open contacts,



比如2024年的皮克斯新作，

Such as one Pixar film which came out,



图片



它将于明年推出，片名叫《Elio》，

It's coming out next year Elio or Elio similar to Ely,



你解释说那意味着我们之间的反映，

Well you explain that that means the reflection between us,



这部电影讲的是一个小男孩被意外传送到宇宙的另一边，成为了地球在全宇宙的代表，

This film is supposed to be about a boy who gets transported to the other side of the universe to be an earth ambassador to other societies throughout the Universe,



图片



你能评论一下这种集体显化吗？

Can you comment on this Collective manifestation?



巴夏：正如我们说过的，你们所有的艺术通常反映了你们意识的转变，

Well as we have said all of your art usually reflects shifts in your Consciousness,



因为你现在更开放地去探索公开接触，

So because you are now more open to exploring the idea of open contact,



显然，你们的艺术将以各种方式反映这一点。

Obviously your art is going to reflect that in a variety of ways,



这样做已经有很长一段时间了，

It has been doing so for quite some time.



图片



你们有《星际迷航》之类的电视剧，

You have your "Star Trek" and things like that,



这已经表现出你们世界的集体意识正在准备自己将来能够与外星种族进行公开接触，

That have been showing that the collective consciousness of your world is preparing itself to be able to have open contact with extraterrestrial species.



所以当你越来越接近公开接触，你肯定会看到更多这样的例子，这将成为你日常生活的真实体验。

So you're bound to see more of this as you get closer to the idea of open contact being a real experience for you on a daily basis.



问：很神奇！

Just wonderful!



巴夏：充满奇迹！

It is full of wonder!



问：你说啥？

Excuse me?



巴夏：恩，它充满了奇迹。

It is full of wonder yes.



很奇妙！

Wonderful!



问：我的意思是我们这一代可以体验到第一次接触，很神奇！

I mean just the idea that our generation is the one that gets to experience this first Contact is amazing!



巴夏：是你们星球上的所有世代人。

Well, all the generations that exist on your planet.



这部即将上映的电影描绘一个小孩子的原因之一是因为孩子是不同的物种，对他们来说，与外星人接触最终将成为他们日常生活的一部分，

And one of the reasons that that upcoming film depicts a young child is because the children are a different species, and to them the idea of contact with extraterrestrials will be part of their daily routine eventually,



而且不会被认为是不寻常的。

And will not be considered unusual.



问：地球已经走了很长一段路，我们只想说。

Well, Earth has come a long way let's just say that.



巴夏：你现在所在的地球一直都在这条路上，

The Earth you're on now has always been this way,



记住，你在不停地切换。

Remember that you're shifting constantly.



问：对。

Right.



很棒！

Fascinating!



你们萨萨尼孩子学到的第一件事是什么呢？

So what is the first thing a Ssassani child is taught?



巴夏：无条件的爱，那是存在本身的振动，

Unconditional love that it is the vibration of existence itself,



与无条件的爱保持一致和匹配，其它所有一切都会通过纯粹的同步性水到渠成。

And to align and match with that all else falls into place through pure synchronism.

