Bashar：术语定义表

[InfiniteONE 翻译]

 

 

异形
超出你们的“正常”经验之外的东西。

Alien
Simply something that will be outside your "normal” experience.


一切万有（或全有）
根据其定义，就是指所有一切。这是我们的定义。你们通常称之为上帝或造物主。但是，我们发现，许多时候你们所谓的上帝或造物主被置于你们自身之外，或把你们置于它之外。我们认识到造物主就是一切，所以，我们把造物主称作一切万有，因为我们真的就是这样认为的。

All That Is
By its own definition, simply that, All that Is. Now it is our definition for what you usually refer to as God or the Creator. But in the way, as we have found, that many times your definitions of Creator or God are still placed outside yourselves, or place you outside of it. We recognize that the Creator is everything; then we refer to the Creator as All That Is, for we mean that literally.


原型符号

原型符号反映出，在你们的整个集体意识中，存在一个潜意识层面。当你与集体意识的这个潜意识层面交流时，你会发现，你能够从这个潜意识流，这个原型流的原料或能量中形成你自己的符号；这个潜意识流（原型流）会把能量赋给符号。对你来说，这些带有情感和能量的符号代表了你正在与之交流的集体意识的念头或面向的象征意义。

Archetypal Symbology
This will reflect that there is, in your overall conglomerate mass consciousness, a subconscious level even to that. And what you will find will happen is that when you communicate with this subconscious level of the mass consciousness, you can form symbols for yourself out of the, I*ll say, stuff or energy of the subconscious stream, the archetypal stream; and it will clothe that energy in symbols, feelings and energies that will represent to you the symbolism of the idea or aspect of the overall mass consciousness with which you are communicating.
 

平衡的概念
简单的说，你们都是极性的，二元性的，对立的，你们包含所有可以想象的正面实相和负面实相的全部。

The Idea of Balance
Simply, knowing that you are all polarities, all dichotomies, all opposites, that you contain the totality of every conceivable imaginary idea of a positive and a negative reality.


信念系统
信念系统是创造你的人工构造人格的一个方面。它是人格的构成要素之一，其他两个要素是情绪和思想。与另外两个要素一起，信念系统给予你你的生活方式的类型[?]，决定了你如何选择去实践你的生理心智的自由意志。信念系统决定了你的物理实相的创造，以及通过你的物理感官反馈到你的心理的物理实相的样子。

Belief System
This will be one of the aspects that creates your artificial construct personality. It will be one of the cornerstones of the prism of the personality; the other two will be emotion and thought. It is what is responsible for the methodology, along with the other two ideas, of how you choose to exercise your physiological mental free will, in giving yourself the type of approach to your life that you do. It will be responsible for the creation of your physical reality and the reflection of that reality through your physical senses back to your mentality.


黑洞
黑洞是对从一个维度到另一个维度的入口的描述。黑洞的另一面叫白洞，信息从这里出来。因此，任何从一个维度到另一个维度的信息流动都是通过一类或另一类黑洞/白洞组合发生的。

Black Hole
This will simply be a description of an idea of a doorway from one dimension of experience to another. On the other side of this will be, what you call, the white hole, where the information comes out. Therefore, any passage of information from one level to another of dimensionality will take place through one type or another of a black/white hole combination.


脉轮
脉轮是黑洞的变体之一。它代表了你这个振动能量矩阵的连结点。以这种方式，它代表了门户，连接点，经过它你的能量流连接到其他实相次元。从生理意义上看，脉轮代表了出入口和门户，你的能量穿过它，创造出以太场或气场，以及360度的生理实相的感知。

Chakra
This will be one of the variations of the black hole theme. It represents the nexus point of the vibrational energy matrix that you are as being. And in this way, it represents the doorways, the connection points out of which your energy flow stems to connect to other ideas, other dimensions of reality. And in the physiological sense, will represent the doorways, the gateways that this energy of yourself passes through to create and generate the etheric and auric fields and the perception of the 360 degree physiological reality that you sense.


千里眼
简单地说，以你们的说法，千里眼也即透视眼，它是一种知道你的过去、现在、未来，以及替代的人生都存在与此时此地，并且它们并没有和你分开的能力。这样，不管出于何种特别的用途，你都能够让你自己透彻地看到你的全部。你变得对你自己透明，并且你的整个宇宙对你都是透明的。

Clairvoyant
This is simply the idea that you call, translated into your language, of clear seeing, and represents the ability to simply know that your past, present, future, and alternative realities are all right here and now, and not separate from you. So you allow yourself, for whatever particular application, to become clear seeing of all that you are. You become transparent to yourself, and so does the totality of the universe that you are.


共同创造
简单地说，顾名思义，共同创造指你正在创造不同于你自己，（因此）以及不同于你的任何交互体验的另一个存有。因为你知道你完全创造了你的实相，所以你可以说，当你分享任何共同的观念的时候，你在创造一个共同创造。你可以把它称为一个协议或合同。

Co-creation
Simply, by definition, the idea that youare creating the idea of another being separate from yourself and, therefore,whatever you experience as an interaction, because you know you create your reality totally, then you can say that when you share any common concepts, you are creating a co-creation. You may refer to it as an agreement or a contract.


集体无意识心理
在一定程度上，集体无意识心理代表了你们星球的存有的整个集体意识的心理，并能延伸到原型层面。它是在物质实相里产生你们的心理的电磁矩阵的总和，物质实相是这种意识投射进物质层面的反射。

Collective Unconscious Mind
This will be, to some degree, representative of allthat represents the mentality of the entire mass consciousness of your planetary beingness, and can extend even into the archetypal levels. It will bethe total sum of the electromagnetic matrix that gives birth to your mentalityin physical reality, which is the reflection of the projection of theconsciousness into physicality.


颜色
简单地说，颜色表示不同于全有的同质背景的特定的特征。
Color
This will simply be the representation of aparticular signature that makes itself differentiated from the homogeneousbackground of All That Is.


困惑
困惑是指从一个确定的实相移除你自己，并能够扫描其他你能够成为的、可能的潜在实相。困惑让你迷失方向。对我们来说，它并不是一个负面的术语，它是一种改变你是谁以及你是什么的自然的功能。当你把负面赋予给它的时候，你就会把你的困惑看成是无助于你的成长的东西。实际上，困惑是把你重定向到你希望成为的那个方向的自然过程。

Confusion
This will bethe fusion with, the co-fusion, the removing of yourself from one oriented reality, and the ability to scan other possible potential realities that youcan be. It is the dis-orienting of yourself. To us this is not a negative term,it is a natural function of changing the idea of who and what you are. When youplace negativism upon the idea, then you think of your confusion as something that does not help you grow. It is the natural process of re-orienting yourself to the idea that you wish to become.


聚合符号
简单地说，聚合符号是更大规模的共同创造。它是集体意识广泛协商接受的共享体验。该共享体验代表了通过物理实相这个媒介，分享给集体意识自己的、它是什么的某些观念。
Conglomerate Symbol
Simply, again, co-creation on a larger scale.The mass consciousness' generally agreed-upon accepted experience of sharing that represents certain ideas of what it is sharing back to itself, through themedium of physical reality.

 

意识心理
简单地说，它指你们所认为的心理状态，或者包含自我结构的生理觉知（无论是正面和负面的）。自我的目的是聚焦于你所选择关注的物理世界。意识心理是意识利用物理实相的电动场、电磁流的电磁机械和化学刺激的产物；意识心理是引起意识幻影，导致物理装扮或意识的过程表示的电磁波的交互的产物。
Conscious Mind
This will simply be the reference to what you consider to be your mentality. The physiological awareness which contains the ego's structure, both positive and negative. The ego's purpose is to focus in the physical reality you chose to be focused in. The conscious mind will be the product of the electromechanical, chemical stimulation that the conscious plays upon the electromotive field, the electromagnetic fluid of physical reality, and will be the product of the interaction of the electromagnetic waves which will give rise to, I'll say, a simulacrum of the consciousness, a physical mask or representation of the process that is the consciousness.
 
 
信念（Strong belief）
简单地说，信念是成为你知道你自己将要成为的人或样子的意愿。
Conviction
The willingness to simply be who and what you know yourself to be.
 
对等人格
正如我们讨论的，对等人格是你的灵魂在相同物理时间框架内的另一个投射，或你的替代版本。你会把他看成另一个生理性存有（或另一个人），但是他可能是赋予你生命的灵魂的一个扩展。他就像过去的你或将来的你，但是存在于和你当前的生活相同的、相对的时间框架内。他是你整个灵魂的另一个片段，就像你认为你自己是什么一样。
Counterpart
This will be, as we discussed, the idea of an alternate version, or projection of the idea of your soul in the same physical time frame. You will perceive it as another physiological being, but it may be an extension of the same soul that gives birth to you. It is the same as a past life or a future life, but it exists in the same relative time frame as your present life. It is another fragment of the whole soul that you are, just as you consider yourself to be.
 

[未完待续]

分享：
2

喜欢

0

赠金笔赠金笔

阅读(435)┊ 评论 (0)┊ 收藏(1) ┊转载(2) ┊ 喜欢▼ ┊打印┊举报/Report
前一篇：Bashar：正面信念和负面信念的效应（附原图）
后一篇：Bashar：我们不明白为什么你们人类不相信你们值得拥有任何事物
评论 重要提示：警惕虚假中奖信息[发评论]
做第一个评论者吧！ 抢沙发>>
发评论

小新小浪炮炮兵张富贵旺狗悠嘻猴酷巴熊更多>>
就不买你股市发霉陈水边裁员音乐贴你抢车位
登录名：
 密码：
 找回密码 注册 记住登录状态

评论并转载此博文新

发评论
以上网友发言只代表其个人观点，不代表新浪网的观点或立场。

< 前一篇
Bashar：正面信念和负面信念的效应（附原图）
后一篇 >
Bashar：我们不明白为什么你们人类不相信你们值得拥有任何事物

新浪BLOG意见反馈留言板　电话：4000520066 提示音后按1键（按当地市话标准计费）　欢迎批评指正