Bashar：迷和理解：腹痛，让医生知道他们已有的研究并不能回答一切
 悦乐喜 翻译

原链接：http://tieba.baidu.com/p/3560567206

Q：你好。

B：你好！

Q：上周六我生病了，是在我的腹部，在左边和右边。他们把我带到医院，因为痛得很厉害。他们检查、给我开药、抽血啦还有其他的，但他们没查出什么。他们说：“好，既然你感觉好点了，我们就让你回家，（至于到底是什么原因造成的）这将是一个谜。”

B：哦，一个谜！

Q：我不知道它是什么。我不知道为什么我给自己创造了这个么情况，还有那个疾病到底是什么？

B：你觉得现在，你，在某种意义上，揭开了谜底吗？

Q：没有。

B：花了多长时间来缓解自己的这个状况——大约用了你的一到两天？

Q：不是。

B：多久？

Q：大约三天。

B：三天。好的，你现在感觉怎么样？

Q：不太棒，但还好了。

B：好的。有一个观念就是让你知道，无论是在你们社会已经建立的信息体系，还是被称为“权威/官方”的信息体系，甚至体系的本身有许多事情都是一个迷。而你——你——是你自己的最终解答。你是你所创造的任何谜题的探索者。每件事情的发生都有一个起因，许多起因都是极其的简单。起因的本身，其实并不神秘。

许多事情，人们不可能在其发生的当下就立刻明了。他们，如你说，就把它归为“谜”。但这可能只是在用另一种方式说，你并不需要——对所有发生在你的生活里的事情、或者它们为什么会发生在那个特定的时刻——都有意识地分析并觉察到。但是，在路上的某个地方，它会使其本身变得清晰，使其变得平坦。现在，其中一个观念就是让你知道，你不必担心自己太过于依赖权威体系，你终究会改变自己，通过一种或另一种方式，无论他们说他们能或不能做。

它允许你经由信任所涉（领域的）权威的这扇门，来让你知道最终的权威是在于你。这就是你创造这种想法的原因之一。因为在过去，你看，你已经在许多不同的生世里，与如你所说的权威制造了许多的口角。现在你是在给自己一个机会——从你所创造的被权威牵制感中释放你自己。

你可以与他们自由地互动；你可以让他们做他们自己。你可以发现，即使是权威，应该也知道任何事物中仍然包含有神秘和探索的空间。因此，以这样的方式，你会与他们更平等；而他们，在某种意义上，不必制造一个腹痛给你。

你将学会如何让自己包容他们；他们也将学会同样的，他们自己如何包容你。所以，你们可以让彼此都做自己，并尊重双方的彼此所是，而不是认为任何一方比另一方更正确。你的指导灵也会与你分享有关这方面的一些观念，这将，也许，通过一些你的日常生活中或在你的梦境中所发生的事件来揭示，从你的时间今晚开始。

但在某种意义上，你已经通过自己的一个进程，你让这个进程带你超越旧社会的老旧期望，把你放在不同的水平上。确认，在许多方面，你都能很明智地做事情，你创造的体验是不同于其他许多人都有过的经历，而在你面前的物理管道（指岱罗·安卡）也曾经历过。要认识到腹部某个特别区域的疼痛，是一个连你的医生也束手无策的区域。他们没有什么可以为你做的。这是一个超出他们理解之外的区域，却并不在你的理解之外。

你创造了一个事件——这个事件中，他们渴望协助你，但他们却办不到，因为他们加诸在其自身的局限性。越来越多的人，给予他们（医生）机会去认识到，在这儿还有许多他们不熟悉的东西，这会让他们在不同的领域里探索更多，知晓他们已有的研究并不能回答一切。你是在引诱他们，在某种意义上，从这些壳（桎梏）里出来。这就是你与他们共同创造这起事件的原因之一。

而你，在许多方面，同时，用它作为你自己进程的一部分，来带你穿过一个大门。有时这些门代表的是痛苦，因为（受）在你们的社会里伴随着你成长的期望和信念系统（的影响），但逐渐地，那些门和进程会越来越少、痛苦更少。你的物理年龄是多少？

Q：十一。

B：你是处在卓越数；22和33也卓越数，在卓越数的年岁里你可能会体验另一个门槛。但实际上你已经通过了，在这个年龄，它却让许多其他的人直到33岁时才实现。你只用了三分之一的时间，因此你正非常快地加速着。我们感谢你在那方面的勇气，它会使你现在所处的其他（活动/关系里的）相互作用有所不同。在你的生活中从这一点（指腹痛事件）开始，至于你决定什么需要神秘化，又或者简单地将其理解为平常的事——这创造来自于你，并服务所有牵涉其中的人。

它不是孤立于你之内的——只是要你从它那里获得或者从中学习——也包括他们，他们那块——你们的医疗界——你与其互动的人，也从中学习。在那方面，你是一个非常大胆的老师。你会大胆的教学相当长的一段时间。你所参与的每一次互动，在我们的觉察里，随着时间的推移，会变得越来越大胆。谢谢你。

Q：是的，好吧。（听众：笑声和掌声。）

B：下一个！


Mystery and Understanding

Q: Hi.
B: Hi!
Q: Last Saturday I was sick, and it was in my abdomen, and it was on the left and right side. And they took me to the hospital because it was so severe a pain. They took tests, they gave me medicine, they took blood and everything, and they didn’t know what it was. And they said: “Well, since you’re feeling better, we’re going to let you go home, and it will be a mystery.”
B: Oh, a mystery!
Q: And that I wouldn’t know what it was. And I was wondering why I created this situation for myself, and what was the sickness?
B: Do you find that at this time, you, in one sense, have allowed it to be demystified?
Q: Not really.
B: How long did it take for the situation to alleviate itself – approximately what you would call one to two of your days?
Q: No.
B: How long?
Q: About three.
B: Three. All right. How do you feel now?
Q: Not too great, but okay.
B: All right. One idea is to simply allow you to know that, regardless of the structure of information that has been set up in your society, regardless of the structure of information that you refer to as “authority,” even to that structure there are many things that are a mystery. And that you – you – are your own final answer; you are your own exploration of any mystery you create. Everything does occur for a reason, and many of the reasons can be extremely simple. The reasons, in and of themselves, do not have to be mysterious, in that way.
Many of the things that individuals may not understand at any given moment, they, as you say, chalk it up to mystery. But that may simply be another way of saying that you do not have to have conscious analytical awareness of all the things that occur in your life, or why they occur at that given moment. But that somewhere down the road, it will make itself clear, make itself plain. Now, one of the ideas was to allow you to know that you don’t necessarily have to worry about relying upon the authoritative structure so much, and that you eventually will alter yourself, one way or another, regardless of what they say they can or cannot do.
It allowed you to go through a door of trust regarding authority, and allowed you to know that the final authority is in you. That is one of the reasons you created that idea. Because in the past, you see, you have created – in many different lives – many run-ins, as you say, with authority. Now you have given yourself an opportunity to know you are relaxing your creating of authority’s hold over you. You can interact with then freely; you can allow them to be who they are. And you can discover that even the authority that is supposed to know everything still contains mystery and room for exploration. So that you will become more equal with them, in that way; and they, in a sense, will not have to create a gut ache in you.
You will learn how to allow yourself to encompass them; they will learn how to also, themselves, to encompass you. So that you can allow each other to be who you are, and respect each other for what you are, and not think that any one of you has to be more right than the other. There are a few aspects of this idea that your guides have to share with you as well. And this will be showed, perhaps, in some of the events that occur in you daily life or in your dream realities, beginning tonight of you time.
But in a sense you have taken yourself through a process, and you have allowed that process to take you beyond the old expectations of the old society, placing you on a different level. Recognize, in many ways, that you were clever in doing what you did, and the experience you created was not unlike the experience that many other individuals have had, and the physical channel before you has had. For recognize that that particular area of abdominal pain is an area your medical practitioners have absolutely no way of doing anything with. There was nothing they could do for you. That is an area outside their understanding, but not outside yours.
You created an occurrence – an occurrence that they desired to assist you with, but could not, because of the limitations they have placed upon themselves. More and more individuals that give them the opportunity to recognize that there is something here that they are unfamiliar with will allow them to explore more and more in different areas, now knowing that the studies they already have do not answer it all. You are luring them, in a sense, out of these shells. And that is one of the reasons you have co-created that with them.
And you have, in many ways, also, used it as part of your own process to take you through a gate. Sometimes those gates are painful simply because of the expectations and belief systems you have been brought up with in your society, but bit by bit those gateways and processes will become less and less and less painful. What is you physical age?
Q: Eleven.
B: You are at a master number; 22 and 33 are also master numbers, at which you may experience another threshold gate. But you have actually adopted, at this age, an idea that it takes many other individuals until the year 33 to act out. You have cut that into thirds, and so you are accelerating that much more quickly. We thank you for you boldness in that way, for it will make a difference in the other interactions you now have, from this point forward in you life, regarding what you decide needs to be mysterious. Or it can simply be understood for the commonplace occurrence that it is, and the creation that comes from you, and serves all individuals involved.
‘Tis not isolated within you – just what you have to gain from it or learn from it – but also what they, what their part, your medical world, whoever else you interact with, have also to learn from it. You are a very bold teacher, in that way. You will be boldly teaching for quite some time. And each interaction that you have, in our perception, will become more and more bold as time goes on. Thank you.
Q: Yes, okay. (AUD: Laughter and clapping.)
B: Sharing!
分享：
8

喜欢

0

赠金笔赠金笔

阅读(1236)┊ 收藏(0) ┊转载(3) ┊ 喜欢▼ ┊打印┊举报/Report
前一篇：百度Bashar吧及又一译文博客
后一篇：【视频】巴夏179 谈耶稣 及巴夏书中的摘录

新浪BLOG意见反馈留言板　电话：4000520066 提示音后按1键（按当地市话标准计费）　欢迎批评指正