巴夏：关于暗杀
25.9.25

理解深入倾听彼此的重要性，并理解你们星球上的人们为什么说和感受他们所做的事情的原因。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2025年9月14日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hi, Bashar. 

巴夏：你也是，你好。
And to you good day.

问：这边的一切都很好，我感谢大家来到这里。但我知道我们昨天还在谈论绑架，我想知道，为什么我从来没有被绑架过？我有什么问题吗？

Everything's good over here, and I appreciate everybody for being here.But I know we were speaking about abductions yesterday, and I wondered, why wasn't I never abducted?There's something wrong with me? 

巴夏：不，他们只是完成了你的家族血统。

No, they're just done with your family line.

问：我相信了。对于最后一个问题，它有点黑暗。我们最近刚刚遭遇了一起暗杀事件。纵观我们的历史，我们看到了这些公开暗杀。你能给我们一些建议来处理这个问题，并帮助其他人处理这个问题吗？

I'll take it. And for the last question, it's kind of going to be on a little dark note.We just had this recent assassination. And throughout our history, we see these public assassinations.Is there any advice you could give for us to deal with that and help others deal with that?


巴夏：我们不能给你政治建议。然而，这个想法是，再次，理解深入倾听彼此的重要性，并理解你们星球上的人们为什么说和感受他们所做的事情的原因。因为你们星球上许多人的内心深处没有得到适当的处理。

We cannot give you political advice. However, the idea, again, is to understand how important it is to actually listen to each other deeply and understand the reason for why people on your planet say and feel the things they do.Because something deep down within many people on your planet is not being appropriately addressed.

当你们深入到感情和脱节的根源和，容我们说，深入到许多人在他们生活中感到失控的无价值和不值得的根源时。然后你们就终于开始解决人们实际上感到以某些方式行事的原因，这些方式会把你们推向消极的道路，而不是理解如何培养人们，让他们知道他们与源头相连，永远不会断开连接。

And when you get down to the source of the feelings and the disconnect and the, shall we say, unworthiness and undeservability that many people feel and feel out of control in their lives.Then you will have finally begun to address the reason that people actually feel Act out in certain ways that push you down the road of negativity instead of understanding how to build people up and allow them to know that they are connected to source and never can be disconnected.


所以这一切都是关于沟通和真正的服务，让人们在沟通和连接中走到一起，找出每个人真正在谈论什么。因为很多时候，人们在你们星球上说的话，他们口头上说的并不是他们内心真正关心的问题。这是另一些事，需要被发现，需要被探索，需要被公开。而人们必须开始愿意承认，他们内心有一些问题是出于恐惧而没有看到的。


So it's all about communication and true service to people to come together in communication and connection to find out what everyone is really talking about.Because many times the things that people say on your planet that they give lip service to is not really the issue that they're truly concerned with deep down.It's something else and it needs to be discovered and it needs to be explored and it needs to be brought out in the open.And people have to be starting willing to be admitting that there are certain issues within themselves that they're not looking at out of fear.

问：太美丽了。我只有这些问题。但我感谢你们来到这里，我感谢大家。我们都是一个灵魂家庭。我不能，我发现我们在这个世界上看到的所有坏事之间都有相关性，实际上是把我们所有人团结在一起，我发现它很美丽，仅此而已。

That was beautiful. That's all I had. But I thank you for being here and I thank everybody. We're all a soul family.I can't, I find that there's a correlation between all the bad things we see in this 

world, is actually bringing us all together and I find it to be beautiful and that's it.

巴夏：对。嗯，我就是这么说的。你们把一切都摆在桌面上，这样你们就可以最终决定你们真正喜欢什么样的世界。
Yes. Well that's what I'm saying. You're getting everything out on the table so you can finally decide what kind of a world you actually prefer.

问：谢谢你并且谢谢大家。

Thank you and thank everybody.


