巴夏：塔罗牌的起源
2025.9.31
它们是，在某种程度上既是模仿的，又被那些创造它们的人直觉地改变了一点，但它们借鉴了来自更古老文化的理念。

                    译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2025年8月23日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hello Bashar. 

巴夏：你也是，你好。

And to you, good day.

问：我可以使用谷歌吗？巴夏版谷歌。


May I use Google? Bashar Google?

巴夏：为了什么目的？



For what?

问：我已经拿到了我之前与你谈论过的关于塔罗牌历史的书。我对最古老的塔罗牌上的图像很感兴趣，那就是我们发现的维斯康提塔罗牌。这些是我们发现的最古老的塔罗牌图像。有 15 世纪初的维斯康提塔罗牌，还有

来自15世纪末的索拉·布斯卡塔罗牌。

I got the book deal that I talked to you about regarding the history of tarot.And I'm curious about the imagery on the oldest tarot decks, which are the Visconti Sforza that we found. These are the oldest images of tarot decks that we found.There's the Visconti Sforza from the early 1400s, and there's the Solabusca from the late 1400s.


巴夏：是的，你对这些图像的哪些部分有疑问？

Yes, and what is it about the images that you have questions about?

问：我的问题是，这些描绘是源自意大利，还是从不同文化中的图像中复制而来？

My question is, are those depictions something that originated in Italy, or were they copied from images from a different culture?

巴夏：它们是，在某种程度上既是模仿的，又被那些创造它们的人直觉地改变了一点，但它们借鉴了来自更古老文化的理念。

They were, to some degree, both copied and intuited and altered a little bit by those that created them, but they tapped into ideas that come from older cultures.

问：然后在纸牌游戏和胜利牌方面，我们现在称之为主要的大阿卡那牌组，它们是通过埃及、安达卢西亚或其他途径进入意大利的还是...

And in terms of playing cards and the triumphier, the Major Arcana, as we call it now, decks finding their way into Italy, did those cards make their way into Italy through Egypt or through Andalusia or...

巴夏：主要是通过埃及的圣人，一直追溯到亚特兰蒂斯时代。

Mostly through Egyptian sages all the way back from Atlantean times as well.

问：我以为你会这么说，因为塔罗牌是亚特兰蒂斯的？

I thought you were going to say that because tarot is Atlantean?

巴夏：从某种意义上说，最初是的。

Originally, in a sense, yes.

问：为卡片和描绘赋予意义的概念，有没有穿过波斯的通道，或者是从亚特兰蒂斯传到埃及到欧洲？

And the concept of assigning meaning to the cards and then the depictions, does that have any thoroughfare through Persia at all, or was it Egypt to Europe from Atlantis?

巴夏：不，不是直接的。但这个想法是这一理念在传播过程中已经融入了不同的文化，最终到达了目的地。许多不同的文化都加入了进来，因为你必须明白这一点，塔罗牌是一种原型的意识许可。

No, not directly.But the idea is that it has filtered through different cultures in arriving where it ultimately has arrived.Many different cultures have added to it because you have to understand that the tarot is an archetypal permission slip.

因此，正如你们所说，不同的文化以任何方式、结构或形式被任何一种占卜系统所吸引，在整个过程中增加了他们的两分钱，直到它最终以你们现代社会中出现的形式逐渐出现。

And therefore, different cultures that were in any way, shape or form attracted to any sort of divination system have added, as you would say, their two cents to the entire process until it has now finally emerged in the forms that it has emerged into in your modern society.

问：明白了。

Understood.

巴夏：所以，这是一种许多元素的混合体，甚至包括一些外星人的想法。

So it's a mix of many things, even including some extraterrestrial ideas.

问：例如？

Such as?

巴夏：嗯，其中一个是关于恒星的，而另一个是关于月球的，还有一个关于太阳的想法，不仅与地球对这些事物的体验有关，还与外星对这些事物的体验有关。

Well, the very idea that one of them is about the star, and one of 

them is about the moon, and one of them is about the sun, not only has to do with Earth's experiences of those things, but has to do with extraterrestrial experiences of those things as well.

问：嗯，好，好，当这些卡片通过埃及传入欧洲时，正值马穆鲁克苏丹国统治时期。而马穆鲁克苏丹国正是这样一个非常有趣、短暂存在的帝国，拥有哈里发和苏丹国历史上唯一的女性苏丹。

Hmm, okay, okay, and when those cards made their way into 

Europe through Egypt,it was during this time of the Mamluk Sultanate.And the Mamluk Sultanate is this very interesting, short lived empire that both the only woman Sultan in the history of the Caliphates and Sultanates.


并且是在十字军东征之后，由来自现在的祖籍欧洲的哈萨克斯坦、南俄罗斯和乌克兰部分地区的许多钦察克突厥人组成。

And also was made up after the Crusades of a lot of Kipchak turkic people who are from the European steps of now Kazakhstan, South Russia, and some parts of Ukraine.

巴夏：是的，这是高阶女祭司的原型表达，也连接到古埃及，在那里你有一个女法老哈特谢普苏特的想法。

Yes, this is an expression archetypal of the High Priestess, also connecting to ancient Egypt where you had the idea of a female pharaoh, Pat Shepsut.

问：你告诉过我，帕特·谢普苏特就是一位女性大师的典范，就像耶稣或佛陀一样。

Which you told me, Pat Shepsut is an example of a woman master, such as Jesus or Buddha.



巴夏：嗯，抹大拉，抹大拉是与耶稣有特别联系的女大师。帕特·谢普苏特的想法是一位女性法老，她作为一位统治者，与许多其他事物有着密切联系。

Well, Magdalen, Magdalen is the female master specifically connected to Yeshua.The idea of Pat Shepsut is a female pharaoh, on a master, connected to many other things.

问：我明白了。所以那些被带入欧洲并随后被直觉理解的图像，那些图像是在那个帝国的那个时代在埃及绘制的。

I see. And so those images that were brought into Europe and then intuited from, were those painted then in that empire and that time in Egypt.

巴夏：它们以某种方式用象形文字绘制，但实际上只有祭司才能使用。

They were rendered in hieroglyphics in a certain fashion but were only really used by the priesthood.

问：那么，究竟是什么或谁促成了从象形文字（比如纸莎草和石头）到纸张和卡片的转变？

So, what or who was responsible from the transference from hieroglyphs and let's say papyrus and stone to paper and cards?

巴夏：不同文化，其中一些以自己的方式，在发现这些系统很有帮助并创建了他们自己的翻译时，创造了翻译。但再次，这通常是通过所谓的专制体制而不是普通百姓来实现的。它直到你们的历史后期，才真正进入公众视野。它被专制政权实行了数千年之久。

Different cultures, a few of them in their own way, created translations when they found the systems helpful and created their own translations.But again, this often passed through what might be called the autocracy rather than the general public.It didn't make its way really into the general public until later on in your history.

It was practiced by the autocracy for many thousands of years.


问：好的，几千年。那么在公元 1000 年之前欧洲的专制政权是否也知晓此事？

Okay, okay, okay, thousands of years.And so were the autocracy in Europe privy to it before the year 1000?

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：因此，这只是通过纸莎草纸传递的私人持有的学校先生信息。

And so it was just privately held Mr. School information transferred through papyrus.

巴夏：嗯，是的，因为再次，它赋予了专制政权惊人的预测能力。公众发现这非常有帮助，并灌输和强化了这样一种观念，即你必须去神职人员那里才能找到你需要的答案。直到该信息被泄露被泄露给公众。而公众开始意识到，他们可以自己找到答案不需要中间人。

Well, yes, because again, it gave the autocracy the amazing powers of prediction that the public found so helpful and instilled and reinforced the idea that you had to go to the priesthood to find the answers that you needed.until such time as it was leaked out into the public.And the public started realizing that they could get their own answers and didn't need a go between.

问：是的，我对这个很好奇。欧洲和欧亚大陆在某种程度上倾向于什么，比如说天主教而不是那种牧师或女祭司学校，法老学校类型的原型宗教？

Yes, I'm curious about that.What was the particular leaning, let's say, in Europe and Eurasia towards, let's say Catholicism as opposed to the sort of priest or priestess schools, pharaoh schools type of archetypal religion?

巴夏：嗯，主要是在当时那些专制政权的成员，好吧，我就这么说吧，培养了良知，允许信息泄露给公众，因为他们认为信息实际上会使他们受益以及为什么他们应该保留唯一的利益。所以有，所以确实有秘密卷轴和秘密书籍被泄露了出来。

Well, mostly it was now in then those members of the autocracy that, well, I'll just put it this way, developed a conscience and allow the information to be leaked to the general public because they thought it actually would benefit them and why should they retain the only benefit.So there were, so there were secret scrolls and secret books that were leaked out.

问：是的，是的，帕诺波利斯的佐西穆斯有一本书，这本书有类似原型的图像吗？

Yes, yes, is Zosimus of panopolis has a book that is, has like archetypal images and such?


巴夏：这是代码中该过程的一部分。是的。泄露的很多内容并非立即完全字面意思的。但这些信息以一种公众能够理解的加密形式泄露了出来。这就是一个例子。

It's part of that process in code.Yes.A lot of the things that were leaked were not immediately absolutely literal.But were leaked out in a kind of code that the public understood.That's sort of one example of it.

问：好的，如果我查看威尼斯或佛罗伦萨 1000 年和 1100 年的海上记录。我会看到来自埃及的货物运输证据吗，或者还有其他地方我应该查看吗？

Okay, and if I were to look at maritime records from 1,000, 1,100 from in Venice or Florence.Would I see evidence of shipments from Egypt that represent that or is there somewhere else I should look?

巴夏：对这方面不妨多关注希腊。

Look more to Greece for that.

问：有意思。任何一年在脑海中。句号。

Interesting.Any year in mind.Period.

巴夏：在一艘沉船上发现你们所称的安提基特拉装置的同一年。

In the same year in which what you call the Antikythera device was discovered on a sunken ship.


问：太惊人了。我会那样做的。非常感谢你分享这些来自谷歌的见解。

Amazing.I will do that.Thank you so much for this insight from Google.

