不要过于灵性
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月27日 06:02 辽宁
前言
不要太过于灵性，以至于忘记了遵循物理现实的教训和任何事物一样具有灵性。

               译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

            传讯时间：2025年2月22日

问：这个人说，如果一切都是同步的，并且他们吸引了他们需要学习的完美教训。这样做有意义吗？例如，在摩托车上戴头盔或购买保险？如果他们是积极的，然后每一次经历、每一种疾病、每一次伤害都被视为一个美好的成长机会。你还会保护自己吗？有没有，甚至任何类似保护的东西，因为我无论如何都无法保护自己免受自己的反射吗？

And this person is saying that if everything is synchronistic and they attract the perfect lessons that they need to learn.Does it make sense to，for example wear a helmet on a motorcycle or have insurance?If they're positive and then，then every experience, every disease, every injury is welcomed as a beautiful opportunity for growth.Do you still protect yourself?And is there any even anything like protection as I cannot protect myself from my own reflection anyway?

巴夏：这是一个即使在他们自己的问题中也没有理解现有观点的人。你当然要保护自己。询问如果我骑摩托车，是否需要戴头盔来保护自己的想法。正是你吸取教训的结果。所以这个想法不是回避那些可以保护自己的显而易见的事情。

This is a person who is not getting the point that is existing even within their own question.Of course you protect yourself.The idea of asking do I need to protect myself by wearing a helmet if I ride a motorcycle.Is the result of a lesson you have learned.So the idea is not to avoid those obvious things that can protect you.

图片
在这一点上脚踏实地，在这一点上保持平衡。并理解在你们的社会中也许戴头盔或买保险的整个想法。是吸取教训来保护自己的结果。这并不是关于试图回避显而易见的事情，也不是要试图变得如此灵性，以至于我不需要做这些事情。这是关于理解事情在你们的现实中是如何运作的。

Stay grounded in this, stay balanced in this.And understand that the whole idea perhaps in your society of wearing a helmet or having insurance.Are the results of learning lessons to protect yourself.It's not about trying to avoid the obvious, it's not about trying to be so spiritual that I don't need to do these things.It's about understanding how things work in your reality.

并吸取教训，当然戴头盔会保护你，因为这是你学到的教训。如果你不戴头盔摔倒了就会伤到你的头。所以你所说的要避免的事情，其实就是你在典型的物理现实中需要学习的教训。

And learning the lesson of course wearing a helmet will protect you because that is the lesson you learn.If you fall down and injure your head without a helmet.So the things that you're talking about avoiding are actually the lessons you need to learn in a typical physical reality.

问：这真是一种伟大的理解，你知道。

That's really a great understanding you know.

巴夏：是呀。不要太过于灵性，以至于忘记了遵循物理现实的教训和任何事物一样具有灵性。

Yes.Don't be so spiritual that you forget that following the lessons of physical reality is just as spiritual as anything.

