巴夏：《阿凡达》的象征
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月14日 06:01 辽宁
前言

在某种程度上，蓝人的想法在不知不觉中混合在一起，但这个想法并不像你想象的那样代表蓝人。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2021年4月27日

问：这些是一些E.T.问题。史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格在创作电影《阿凡达》时，是否潜意识地描述了外星存有蓝人？这部电影有哪些方面准确地反映了蓝人的现实？

These are some E.T. questions. Was Steven Spielberg subconsciously describing the Blue Men E.T.'s when he created the movie Avatar?And are there aspects of the movie that accurately reflect the reality of the Blue Men?

巴夏：嗯首先，史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格没有创作《阿凡达》。詹姆斯·卡梅隆创作了。

Well, first of all, Steven Spielberg didn't create Avatar. James Cameron did. 

问：好的。

Okay.

巴夏：这个想法是，不，不完全是。这是一种与自然连接有关的各种事物的混合。在某种程度上，蓝人的想法在不知不觉中混合在一起，但这个想法并不像你想象的那样代表蓝人。

The idea is, no, not exactly. It's kind of an amalgamation in those characters of a variety of things that have to do with connections to nature.The Blue Men idea is mixed in there to some degree unconsciously, but the idea really isn't as representative of the Blue Men as you might think.

他们在很多方面都与之截然不同。但是，与自然的连接是一个类似的交叉，但这与外星意识也有许多其他的解释和联系。所以这是许多不同事物的结合或融合。这不仅仅是关于蓝人的想法。

They're very different than that in a lot of ways. But where there is a similar crossover is the idea of the connection to nature, but that has many other interpretations and connections with regard to extraterrestrial consciouness as well.So it's kind of a synthesis or an amalgamation of many different kinds of things.It isn't really just about the idea of the Blue Men. 

图片

问：那么，你会说蓝人是第七个混血种族吗？

Well, would you say that the Blue Men are the seventh hybrid race?

巴夏：不，他们是非常不同的。

No, they're very different. 

问：好的。从最初与直立人杂交开始，到你们现在的文明已经过去了多长时间？

Okay. And from the time of the initial hybridization with Homo Erectus, how much time has passed until your career?

巴夏：给你一个时间线有点难办。因为，再次，记住我们的文明存在于一个与你们不同频率的平行现实中。因此，从我们的角度来看，我们的文明世界经历了大约1万年的文明。

Giving you a timeline for that is a little bit tricky.Because, again, remember that our civilization exists in a parallel reality that's on a different frequency than yours.And therefore, let's say our civilization has experienced, from our perspective, about 10,000 years of civilization.

并且从技术上讲，我们比你们领先了大约3000年。所以阿努纳奇人和智人的创造的想法，你看到的是大约30万年前的事情。所以从这个意义上说，通过比较这两个时间线，我们是相对较近的。但尽管如此，这是我们为你们重叠时间线所能做的最恰当的事情。

And we're about 3,000 years ahead of you, technologically speaking.So the idea of the Anunnaki and the creation of Homo sapiens, you're looking at something between or around about 300,000 of your years ago.So we are, in that sense, relatively recent by comparing the two timelines.But nevertheless, that's the best we can do in overlapping the timelines for you.

