巴夏：亚特兰蒂斯人的寿命
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月15日 06:00 辽宁
前言

这是两者的一种奇怪的组合，在许多情况下，他们确实有比空气更轻的飞行器，这些飞行器通过振动装置的想法来辅助推进。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2023年10月21日

问：亚特兰蒂斯人的寿命比我们现在长得多吗？例如，苏美尔文献中提到了统治数千年的国王。

And did Atlanteans live much longer than we do now?For example, the Sumerian texts refer to kings that reigned for many thousands of years.

图片

巴夏：这些不是亚特兰蒂斯人，尽管亚特兰蒂斯人总体上确实活得更久。对于亚特兰蒂斯生物型来说，120、150年并不罕见。

Those are not Atlanteans, although Atlanteans did live longer in general. 120, 150 years is not uncommon for the Atlantean biotype.

苏美尔国王名单更多地与阿努纳奇人和其他外星存有的想法有关，事实上，这些外星存有确实有数千年的寿命。

The Sumerian king lists have more to do with the idea of the Anunnaki and other extraterrestrial forms that did have, in fact, multi-millennial lives.

问：亚特兰蒂斯的飞行器是以气球为导向的，还是使用水晶在陆地或海上悬浮或推动空气？

And were Atlantean aircraft balloon-oriented, or did they use crystals to levitate or propel air by land or by sea?

巴夏：这是两者的一种奇怪的组合，在许多情况下，他们确实有比空气更轻的飞行器，这些飞行器通过振动装置的想法来辅助推进。

It was kind of an odd combination of both. In many cases, they did have lighter-than-air vehicles that were aided and assisted in their propulsion by the idea of vibrational means.

所以，从某种意义上你可以说，他们利用了一些漂浮科学来最有效地移动比空气轻的飞行器。

So you could say, in a sense, that they used some of the science of levitation to move the lighter-than-air craft around most efficiently.

图片

问：恐龙看起来是像我们从化石中解释的那样，还是它们都是覆盖毛皮的、羽毛状的或毛茸茸的？只是看起来像大动物，而不是可怕的蜥蜴？

And did the dinosaurs look the way we've interpreted them from fossils, or were they all furry or feathery or fluffy ?And just looked like big animals and not terrifying lizards? 

巴夏：好吧，再一次，它们中的一些动物可能会呈现出对你来说仍然非常可怕的外观，不管它们是否有羽毛和绒毛，因为它们仍然是大型动物，其中许多动物是肉食性和掠食性的。

Well again,some of them may have presented what to you would still be very scary appearances, regardless of the fact as to whether they had feathers and fluff, because they were still large animals, and many of them were carnivorous and predatory.

所以这个想法是，是的，你开始了解到，正如你们的许多科学家所知，它们中的许多动物确实开始长出羽毛的想法。因此，这些分支进化成了你们现在拥有的鸟类。

So the idea is, yes, you are beginning to learn, as many of your scientists know, that many of them did begin to sprout The idea of feathers. Hence, those branches evolving into what you now have as birds.

所以这个想法是，仍然，你们现在所理解的大部分内容在现代都是相对准确的，尽管你们还有很多东西要发现。所以尽管它们中的一些可能有绒毛和羽毛，但它们仍然是可怕的动物。

So the idea is, still, much of what you understand now in your modern times is relatively accurate, though you still have a lot to discover about them.So even though some of them may have had fluff and feathers, they still were formidable animals.


图片







阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 