巴夏：亚特兰蒂斯人的身高
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月27日 07:55 辽宁
前言

是的，当然。你们以你们在这个时代看到的方式，在外星人的概念中创造了一个新的原型，以各种方式代表我们。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2022年7月30日

问：是否有任何人类群体没有亚特兰蒂斯基因或蓝色血统？

Are there any human groups that don't have Atlantean genes or blue blood?

巴夏：在这一点上，你会发现，虽然在某些群体中，亚特兰蒂斯人的基因可能非常少，但在你们的星球上，没有一个群体是完全没有的，即使这个比例可能非常小。

At this point, you will find that while the genetics of the Atlantean tract may be very minimal in some groups, there are none on your planet that have absolutely none, even though the percentage may be extremely small.

问：当今有没有一种种族或文化看起来很像亚特兰蒂斯人在他们那个时代的样子？

And is there a race or culture today that looks a lot like the Atlanteans did in their time?

巴夏：嗯再一次，正如我们所说，一些土著文化有一些相似之处，可以说是阿兹特克文化、印加文化。一些欧洲种群，巴斯克人，在某种程度上具有一些遗传特征。但是再一次，在这一点上，没有种族看起来像一个纯粹的亚特兰蒂斯人，至少没有像在巅峰时期的。

Well, again, some of the indigenous cultures have some resemblance, as we said, Aztecan, Incan, so to speak.Some European stock, the Basques, to some degree share some of the genetic traits.But again, there is no one that is looking like a pure Atlantean at this point, at least not at its peak.

图片


随后，也许，接近终结。在第三阶段和破坏结束时，是的，它更像是一种混合体，更像是你所说的大熔炉。所以许多不同种类的人可能看起来像后来的古代亚特兰蒂斯人。但在它的巅峰时期，没有像的。在这一点上，你们星球上没有任何存有看起来与亚特兰蒂斯在它的巅峰时期的存有完全一样的。

Later on, perhaps, toward the end. At the end of the third phase and the destruction, yes, it was more of a mixture, more of what you call a melting pot.So many different kinds of people may have looked like some of the later ancient Atlanteans.But at its peak, no. There are no beings on your planet at this point that look exactly like the beings of Atlantis at its height.

有些人有一些特征，其中一些特征正在恢复。随着你们星球上的人们身高的增加。你会发现其中一些是亚特兰蒂斯人的特征。

Some have some traits, and some of those traits are coming back. As people on your planet gain height.You will find that some of that is an Atlantean trait, because the early Atlanteans were relatively tall.


问：是的，这是下一个问题，就在他们所处的那个时期，从黄金时代到他们毁灭的那段时期。有人问他们有多高？

Yes, that was the next question, was during that period of when they were, let's see, sorry, from the Golden Age to the time of their destruction.Someone was asking how tall were they? 

巴夏：对于他们来说大约七英尺左右并不罕见。有一些人。甚至八英尺高。这是一个典型的平均值。有一些更高，一些更矮。但是，正如我们在传讯中所说，圣经中的拿非利人实际上是古代亚特兰蒂斯人，他们被描述为相对较高。

It was not uncommon for them to be somewhere around seven feet.There were some. Even eight feet tall. And that is a typical average. There were some taller, some shorter.But again, as we said in our transmission, the biblical Nephilim were actually ancient Atlanteans, and they were described as being relatively tall.

图片

问：是否存在与亚特兰蒂斯神话或传说相关的原型？此外，作为人类，我们是否在集体灵魂中创造了新的原型？

And are there archetypes that are related to the myth or the legend of Atlantis? And also, do we as human beings create new archetypes in our collective soul?

巴夏：是的，当然。你们以你们在这个时代看到的方式，在外星人的概念中创造了一个新的原型，以各种方式代表我们。对于你们的文明来说，这是一个相对较新的原型。在过去的文明中，外星人被认为是一种与你们今天看到的我们不同的充满活力的集体意识原型。

 Yes, of course. You have created a new archetype in the idea of extraterrestrials in the way that you see them in this day and age, representing us in a variety of ways.That is a relatively new archetype for your civilization. Extraterrestrials that were recognized in past civilizations presented themselves as a different energetic collective consciousness archetype from the way that you see us today.

某些代表和传说的想法，像库库尔坎和魁札尔科亚特尔。羽蛇神的想法是古代彗星的象征，因此，我们可以说，集体体现在魁札尔科亚特尔作为破坏者、再生者和更新者的想法中。

The idea of certain representations and legends such as Kukulcan and Ketsalkoatl.The idea of the feathered serpent is representative of the ancient comet and therefore has been, shall we say, collectively embodied in the idea of Ketsalkoatl as the destroyer, as the regenerator, as the renewer.

彗星的概念。亚特兰蒂斯的毁灭已经体现在这个特定的想法和围绕地球的龙的概念中。现在，龙，再一次，单独地，确实代表了一种不同的外次元的存有或意识，以这种方式呈现自己。

The idea of the comet. Has, and the destruction of Atlantis has been embodied in that particular idea and in the concept of dragons around the planet.Now dragons, again, separately, do represent a different extra-dimensional kind of being or consciousness that presents itself in that way.

图片

当穿上衣服和遮盖它本身进入你们的维度时，它们会以你们称之为龙的形式出现。这就是你们的集体意识所代表的。出于各种原因，我们将在另一个时间讨论。但总体而言，龙的原型的想法实际上是彗星、羽蛇神和亚特兰蒂斯毁灭的代表，所有这些都包含在这个传奇原型的想法中。

That clothes and cloaks itself in the form you call a dragon when it interpenetrates into your dimension.That's just how it's represented by your collective consciousness. For a variety of reasons we will go into at another time.But the idea in general of the dragon archetypally is actually a representation of the comet, the feathered serpent, and the destruction of Atlantis all wrapped up in the idea of that legendary archetype.

