巴夏：保持中立
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年05月14日 21:58 辽宁
前言

“通过使所有的选择都有效，让你有可能选择你喜欢的东西。”

                                      译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                                  传讯时间：2009年9月19日

巴夏：你越是扩展，你就越能感知消极和积极的一面。所以不要让它使你失衡。

The more you expand, the more you are capable of perceiving the negative as well as the positive. So don't let that throw you.

问：谢谢。

Thank you. 

巴夏：这只是一种平衡行为。这就是它所需要的。保持在中心，在两者之间保持平衡，允许消极的感知或对消极的感知与对积极的感知同等有效，因为在创造之眼中，所有的事情都是有效的选择。

It's just a balancing act. That's what it takes. Staying in the center, balanced between the two, allowing the negative perception or the perception of the negative to be equally valid to the perception of the positive because all things are valid choices in the eyes of creation.

图片

所以如果你允许你所说的限制性或消极的选择与积极的选择同等有效，那么你就分散了它们。你已经耗尽了它的能量。你通过使所有的选择都有效，让你有可能选择你喜欢的东西。

So if you allow what you call the limiting or negative choices to be equally valid as choices to the positive ones, then you have diffused them.You've taken the energy out of it. You have made it possible for you to choose what you prefer by validating all the choices.

只有当你使事情无效时，它们才会反击，因为没有地方可以把它们推开。没有外在。所以，如果你碰到什么东西，它必须反弹。它必须弹回来。

It's only when you invalidate things that they push back because there's nowhere to push them away to.There is no outside. So if you push against something, it has to bounce back. It has to spring back.

没有外在。所以，如果你碰到什么东西，它必须反弹。它必须弹回来。它必须放大。它必须增强。因此，如果你停止反对黑暗的想法，让它放松，顺其自然，那么你就能够选择你喜欢的，因为你不会使任何其它选择无效。

There is no outside. So if you push against something, it has to bounce back. It has to spring back.It has to magnify. It has to amplify. So if you stop pushing against the idea of the dark, you just let it rest, just let it be, then you'll be capable of choosing what you prefer because you're not invalidating any other choice.

这来自一个力量之地。这就是为什么我们说悖论是力量的完美地点。当你完全处于极性之间的平衡时，这就是所有力量所在的地方，在现在，在所有极性之间，因为它们都是由此时此地产生的。

That's coming from a place of power. That's why we said paradox is the perfect place of power.When you are squarely in balance between the polarities, that's where all the power lies, here in the present, between all polarities because they all issue from the here and now.

所以处于平衡状态会使所有这些能量和谐一致，融合所有这些能量并平衡所有这些能量。从这个平衡点来看，就像你们在社会中所说的武术家一样。

So being in balance reconciles all those energies, blends all those energies, balances all those energies.And from that balance point, like what you call in your society a martial artist.

图片

只有当一个武术家真正与对手的气势相匹配时，他才能转移对手的能量。当他们不再相对于彼此移动时，很容易将某人推向另一个方向。所以当你处于完美的平衡点时，很容易将某些事物推向新的方向。

A martial artist can divert the energy of an opponent only when that martial artist actually matches their momentum.And when they are no longer moving relative to one another, it's easy to push someone in another direction.So when you're at the perfect balance point, it's easy to move something in a new direction.

