巴夏：光语言
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月04日 06:00 辽宁
前言

这是能量的模式，光的模式，可以被解读为一种语言。

                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：2019年10月5日

问：我的下一个问题实际上是关于光语言，以及我们如何最恰当地使用它。我看到我的许多朋友现在都在以类似的方式进行沟通，为了疗愈，并为了每个人的最大利益服务。所以你能解释一下起源吗？

My next question is about light language, actually, and how we might be able to use this best.I'm seeing that many of my friends are now channeling in similar ways for healing and for everybody's best interest.So could you please explain a little bit about the origins? 

巴夏：嗯，再一次，这是能量的模式，光的模式，可以被解读为一种语言。有时，仅仅说它就可以创造一个特定的频率，让一个人能够匹配这个频率，并在自己的光中与自己对齐。

Well, again, it is patterns of energy, patterns of light that can be read as a language.And sometimes just speaking it can create a particular frequency that can allow a person to match that frequency and align within themselves within their own light beings.

图片

所以它可以以多种方式使用。但就实际传递你们星球上大多数人都能理解的信息而言，它仍然需要二次翻译，以便他们中的大多数人能够理解光语言本身的振动。因为从某种意义上说，我们现在正在这样做。你听见了。口头翻译的想法。因为从某种意义上说，我们现在正在这样做。你听见了。口头翻译的想法。

So it can be used in a variety of ways. But in terms of actually delivering information that most people on your planet would understand, it still needs a secondary translation for most of them to get it along with the vibration of the light language itself.Because in a sense, we're doing that right now. You're hearing. The idea of a verbal translation.

但我们也在操纵管道的电磁场，创造我们看到的符号，当我们看到你们所有人时，我们将其解读为一种语言，我们正在释放这种能量，一种光语言正在被发送给你们所有人。所以，无论你选择以何种方式、表现或形式吸收它，它都会被吸收。但你不一定把它当作光语言来听。这是一种无声的语言，与对你的物质思维有意义的口头翻译结合使用。

But we're also manipulating the channel's electromagnetic field to create the symbols we see when we see all of you that we read as a language and we're giving off that energy and a light language is being sent to all of you.So it will be absorbed in whatever way, shape or form you choose to absorb it. But you're not necessarily hearing it as light language.It's a silent language that is being used in conjunction with a verbal translation that makes sense to your physical mind.

因此，你的物质思维被听口头语言所占据，并没有真正意识到事实上有一种光语言绕过它直接进入你的身体。这就是我们如何使用光语言的概念。这就是我们被训练要做的。但不同的人可以用不同的方式使用它。这取决于你自己的想象力，以及什么对你最有效。这有帮助吗？

Your physical mind so that your physical mind is occupied by listening to the verbal language and isn't really that aware of the fact that there's a light language bypassing it right into you.That's how we use the idea of light language. That's what we were trained to do. But different people can use it in different ways.It's up to your own imagination and what works best for you. Does that help? 

问：是的，非常有帮助。谢谢。

Yes, very much so. Thank you.