巴夏：加州大火
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月31日 06:00 辽宁
前言
因为你们的环境中发生的事情使得你们的环境天气模式的想法发生了变化，从而使某些地区更容易受到各种自然现象的影响。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2025年1月25日

问：好的，所以我们有一些问题，一些关于ET的问题。在此之前，让我们先谈谈一些时事。第一个问题是洛杉矶大火。为什么我们挚爱的天使之城会化为灰烬？我们应该从这场悲剧中吸取什么教训？

Okay, so we have some questions, some ET questions.And let me, before I do that, let's talk about a few current events.First one is the LA fires.Why did our beloved city of angels go up in flames?What lessons are we to learn from this tragedy?

巴夏：第一点，我想你们中的很多人都明白，这与你们的气候变化有关。因为你们的环境中发生的事情使得你们的环境天气模式的想法发生了变化，从而使某些地区更容易受到各种自然现象的影响。无论是火灾，还是洪水，等等。极端现象是自然界不平衡的结果。气候变化在你们星球上的不同地点以不同的方式发挥作用。

Number one, I think many of you understand that it's connected to the changes in your climate.Because of what has happened in your environment that has allowed the idea of your environmental weather patterns to change in such a way as to make certain areas more vulnerable to different kinds of natural phenomenon.Whether it be fire,whether it be flood, so on and so forth.Extremes are the result of the imbalance that has been created in nature.Climate change acts in different ways in different locations on your planet.

图片
有些地方变得更干燥，更容易发生火灾。一些地方变得更加潮湿，更容易发生洪水。有些地方变得更冷，更容易结冰。有些地方变得更热，更容易受到荒漠化的影响。所以这一切都与所有不同的气候变化变得更加明显和夸张有关。当你了解气候变化的概念时，这是一种，一个自然周期。但是被人类的技术加速了这一进程。

Some places get drier, more susceptible to fire.Some places get wetter and more susceptible to flooding.Some places get colder and more susceptible to freezing.Some places get hotter and are more susceptible to desertification.So it's all about the idea of all the different variations becoming more pronounced and more exaggerated as you go through the idea of climate change, which is a, a natural cycle.But be sped up by the technologies of humanity.

现在发生的一切，在没有技术支持的情况下最有可能，可以说，至少要再过一两个世纪才会发生。但现在，你们的技术想法已经加快了这一进程，这些技术在许多方面都在破坏环境或使环境失衡。第二个，第二个，这个想法是，因为你们必须通过气候变化来应对你们环境的新方式，停止像以前那样的方式重建你们的环境。学习新技术，学会如何适应。

What's going on now, most likely without the technological assistance, so to speak, probably wouldn't have happened for at least another century or two.But now you have sped it up with the idea of your technologies that are in many ways destroying the environment or imbalancing it.Number two, number two, the idea is to, because of the new way in which youhave to deal with your environment through climate change, to stop rebuilding the same way you used to.Learn new techniques, learn how to adapt.

所以，不要只建造以前很容易被破坏的旧建筑。以新的方式进行适应和建设。学习如何与自然和谐相处。

So don't just build what was there before that is easily destroyed.Adapt and build in new ways.Learn how to build with nature.

图片
问：好的，它是否也与某种程度的愤怒有关？火是愤怒的代表还是？

All right.And is there also a level of it that has to do with like anger, is fire representative of anger or?

巴夏：对有些人来说，它可以代表。再次，要根据具体情况而定。

For some people, it can.Again,case by case basis.

问：好的，然后这个人想澄清一下当你说女性会导致公开接触而男性会导致第三次世界大战时。

Okay.And this person would like clarification when you said that the female will lead to open contact and the male to World War three.

巴夏：我们现在不打算讨论这个问题。

We're not going to discuss that at this time.

问：好的，好吧，然后让我们看看。所以，当你之前谈到火的概念时，它没有一个，火在集体层面上对人类有哪些灵性象征？

Okay,all right.And let's see.So when what you were talking about before with the idea of fire, it doesn't have a,what are some of the representation spiritually that fire has for humans on a collective level?

巴夏：加速、清理、重建、从零开始、归零、清白、净化。这些可以是火灾体验想法的一些代表。但它也可以，再次，就像任何事物一样，有正面和负面的含义。它可以是失去控制的东西。正如你所说，它可以代表愤怒、脾气、温度、怒火。

Acceleration, clearing out, rebuilding, starting from scratch, zeroing out,clean slate, purification.Those can be some representations of the idea of the experience of fire.but it can also again, like anything, have positive and negative connotations.It can be that which is out of control.As you said, it can be the representation of anger, temper, temperature, temper.

图片
所以再次，对很多人来说，它又可以是很多事情。你必须把它放在个人的身上，有时甚至是集体的基础上。对于正在经历这些经历的不同的人来说，这代表着什么以及他们愿意吸取哪些教训。

So again, it can be many things to many people.You have to take it on an individual and perhaps sometimes even on a collective group basis.As to what it may represent to different people that are going through those experiences and what lessons they are willing to learn.

