巴夏：卫星残骸问题
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月30日 06:01 辽宁
前言

在不久的未来，利用外星技术，你们可以开始整合并减少这些卫星的数量。

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2024年10月26日

问：你好，巴夏。很高兴也很荣幸能在这里与你交谈，并有机会向你提出一些问题。

Hello,bashar.It's a pleasure and an honor to be here speaking with you and having the opportunity to ask you some questions.

巴夏：与你互动也是我们的激情和荣幸。您想讨论什么？

It is our passion and our pleasure to interact with you as well.What would you like to discuss?

问：我想知道你的想法是什么，以及我们是否应该关注所有被送入低轨道的卫星。我知道那里现在有 7000 个，未来应该有多达 3 400 个。据我所知，它们的预期寿命大约为 5 年，寿命结束后就会重新落入大气层中、燃烧并留下碎片和气体。我想人们可能会担心这些碎片的堆积会导致我们在地球上和地球外的通信问题。

I would like to know what your thoughts are and if we should be of concern with all of the satellites that are being put into lower orbit.I understand there's like 7,000 up there right now and there's supposed to be up to 3,400 in the future.And they have a life expectancy I understand of about five years and when they're finished they fall back into the atmosphere，burn up and leave debris and gases.I guess the concern possibly would be that this build up of debris could cause communication issues between us here on earth and outside of earth.

我在想，这是否是我们应该关注的问题，也许我们可以尝试并采取行动。或者我们是否在试图创造两个现实，并觉得我们可以对一个并不存在的现实产生意图。它还在地球上吗？我只是有点好奇你对此有什么看法。

I wondering if that is something we should be of concern of and maybe try and act on.Or if we're trying to create two realities and feel that we can have intentions towards a reality that does not exist with that.Is it still here on earth?I'm just kind of curious what your thoughts are on that.

图片

巴夏：好的。嗯，是的，你们的星球周围有点杂乱，你们已经把所有这些不同的探测器和卫星送入轨道。这个想法是，在不久的未来，利用外星技术，你们可以开始整合并减少这些卫星的数量。

All right.Well, yes, it is getting a little cluttered around your planet with all of these different probes and satellites that you have put into orbit.The idea is that in the near future working with extraterrestrial technology you can start to consolidate and lessen the amount of these satellites.

因为可以创造出更高效、功能更多层次的卫星，这样你们就不一定需要这么多卫星围绕着你们的星球。所以随着时间的推移，当你们允许新的系统进入环绕地球的轨道时，这种情况就会发生变化。这些系统可以处理现在由许多不同卫星完成的多种功能。所以你可以减少这个数量。

Because there can be created satellites that are more efficient and more multi-leveled in the way in which they function so that you don't necessarily need so many of them around your planet.So that will change over time when you allow new systems to go into orbit around your planet.That can take care of a multitude of functions that are now being done by a number of different satellites.So you can reduce that number.

这个想法是，当这些卫星确实返回地球并在大气层中燃烧时。产生的气体量与你们的工业所排放的气体量相比，几乎可以忽略不计。所以这对了解大气层中发生了什么并没有什么帮助。主要担心的是任何碎片都会落到你们身上，损坏一些东西。

The idea is that when these satellites do return to earth and burn up in the atmosphere.The amount of gases that that creates is relatively negligible to the amount of gases you are putting out from your industry.So that is not really adding much to the idea of what's going on in your atmosphere.The main concern would be more about the idea of any pieces of debris actually falling on you, damaging something.

但这种情况也会相对少见，因为它们中的大多数都会落入海洋。这也不一定意味着应该发生这样的情况，因为这对海洋生物毫无益处。但是再一次，随着时间的推移，这一点也会被改变为远少于现有的东西。现在，你们将最终能够清理地球周围的区域，通过减少需要在那里存在的东西的数量，这些东西可以取代现在存在的数百种其他东西的功能。

But that again is going to be relatively rare because most of them will fall into the ocean.Which again doesn't necessarily mean that that should happen because certainly that's of no benefit to the life in the sea.But again, over time, this will be altered to be altered to be something far less than exists.Now you will ultimately be able to clean up the area around the planet by reducing the number of things that need to be there that can take over the function of hundreds of other things that are there now.

图片

所以随着时间的推移，这种情况将得到缓解，或许在未来几十年左右。随着外星人引入你们的社会，帮助你们整合技术，使其污染更少，杂乱更少。

So this will be mitigated over time, perhaps over the next couple of decades or so.As the introduction of extraterrestrials to your society aids and assists you in consolidating your technology to be something less polluting and something less cluttering.

问：哦，那太好了。好的，很高兴知道。很高兴听到。

Oh, that's great.Okay, that's good to know.Good to hear.


