巴夏：德尔菲神谕
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月08日 06:01 辽宁
前言

第一个皮媞亚是成语“认识你自己”的来源。

德尔菲神谕

德尔菲神谕，最著名的古代神谕，被认为传递了希腊神阿波罗的预言。她住在他在德尔菲的神庙里，位于科林斯湾上方的帕纳苏斯山的山坡上。这位神谕起初被称为 巨蛇（德尔菲的原名），后来被称为皮媞亚，大约在公元前 8 世纪到 4 世纪之间达到了她的名声巅峰，当时立法者、殖民者和邪教创始人寻求阿波罗的建议或批准。皮提亚的顾问最需要预测预计的战争或政治行动的结果。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2021年5月22日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hi, Bashar.

巴夏：你也是，你好。

And to you, good day.

问：所以我想问你一个问题。

So I have a question for you.

巴夏：哦，谢谢。

Oh, thank you. 

问：所以对我来说，在世界各地的神话中发现的最令人兴奋的古代符号之一是宇宙巨蛇，或DNA。你能给我你对DNA原型的解读吗？

So for me, one of the most exciting ancient symbols found in mythologies from around the world is the cosmic serpent, or DNA.Can you give me your interpretation of the archetype of DNA? 

巴夏：DNA的原型?

The archetype of DNA?

问：对。

Yes.

巴夏：它是意识在物理现实中表达自己的第一个模板。所以它就是肉体的表现。这实际上是你作为一个物质存有的样子。换句话说，只是用一个简单的类比，你认为自己是什么样的人的想法，就是DNA，你作为一个物质意识，包裹在其中的DNA，这样它就可以探索物理现实的概念。

It's the first template in which consciousness can express itself in physical reality.So it is the physical representation. It is actually what you are as a physical being.In other words, this idea of the person that you consider yourself to be, just to use a simplistic analogy, is the suit in which DNA, the DNA you actually are, as a physical consciousness, has wrapped itself in so that it can navigate the idea of physical reality.

图片

所以你，作为一个非物质存在，你在意识中创造了一个模板模式，目的是体验物理现实的概念。这种体验、表达和目的的第一层面将电磁能量转化为物理模板模式，你将其识别为DNA。它包含了你决定成为的人的所有信息，你决定在这个想法中探索的命运，以及物理现实的体验。

So you, as a non-physical being, create a template pattern within your consciousness with the intention of experiencing the idea of physical reality.The first level of that experience, of that expression, of that intention, turns electromagnetheric energy into a physical template pattern, you recognize as DNA.That contains all the information of the person you have decided to be, of the destiny you have decided to explore in the idea, the experience of physical reality.

所以它是非物质和物理现实之间的界面，从物理上讲，从原子和亚原子的角度来看，它是体验物理现实的目的的第一种表达。这种目的在物理上的结晶。这有道理吗？

So it is the interface between non-physical and physical reality, the first expression, physically speaking, in atomic terms, subatomic terms, of the intention to experience physical reality.A crystallization of that intention in physical terms. Does that make sense? 

问：完美，是的，谢谢。所以这很有趣，因为当我接触到DNA的概念时，德尔菲神谕不断地出现在我面前。

Perfect. Yes. Thank you.So it is interesting because when I tap into the idea of DNA, the oracle of Delphi keeps showing up for me.

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：并且据我所知，第一个皮媞亚是习语“认识你自己”的来源。

And it is my understanding that the first Pythia is the source of the phrase, know thyself.

图片

巴夏：从某种意义上说，它是一个古老的成语，但尽管如此，它在不同的文化中以不同的方式被翻译和解释，但具有相同的基本含义。

In some senses, it is an older phrase, but nevertheless, it has been translated and interpreted in different cultures in different ways, but with the same basic meaning.

问：好的。这也是我与米歇尔·黑吉斯水晶头骨进行会面时收到的信息。并且这也是你在13议会的冥想部分和水晶头骨的传讯中使用的短语。

Okay. It is also the message I received when I had a session with the Mitchell-Hedges Crystal Skull.And it is also the phrase that you used in the meditation segment of the Council 13 and the Crystal Skull's transmission.

巴夏：是的。这是最重要的存在状态之一，因为你对自己越透明，你就越了解自己，你的信念系统就越清晰，你对自己的了解就越多，你对什么与你的旅程、你的道路无关的识别能力就越好。

Yes. It is one of the most important states of being, because the more you become transparent to yourself, the more you understand yourself, the clearer your belief systems are, the more you know yourself, the better discernment you have about what is and isn't relevant for your journey, your path.

问：关于皮媞亚是如何产生幻觉的，有很多不同的理论。你能告诉我一些与德尔菲神谕相关的最初仪式吗？

There are so many different theories on how the Pythia was able to have her visions. Can you tell me a little bit about the first rituals associated with the oracle of Delphi?

巴夏：嗯首先，最重要的是，在这种经历中，人们对现实是如何运作的有了更清晰的理解，因为一切都在此时此地。所以空间和时间的概念被理解为幻觉。因此，就像拨入一个特定的频率来访问某些信息一样，所有这些信息都可以从存在的每一个点访问，因为从某种意义上说，从不同的角度来看，一切都是同一个点。

Well, first and foremost, there is, in that experience, a clearer understanding of how reality works in the sense that everything is here and now.So the concepts of space and time were understood to be illusions. Therefore, just like dialing in a particular frequency to access certain information, all of which, all of which is accessible from every single point in existence, because everything is, in a sense, the same point from a different point of view.

然后神谕就简单明了了，所需要的只是调整频率来表示所需的知识，从而成为该知识的频率，并用对文化有意义的翻译术语来表达这种知识的频率。这以你一直在寻找的方式来解释了吗？

Then the oracle simply understood, all that was needed was the adjustment of the frequency to represent the knowledge that was required and therefore became the frequency of that knowledge and expressed the frequency of that knowledge in translated terms that made sense for the culture.Does that explain it in the way that you were looking for? 

问：是的。所以她不一定使用来自断层线的气体或蛇毒，或者。。。

Yeah. So she didn't necessarily use the gases from the fault line or snake venom or...

巴夏：嗯，我并不是说没有可用于帮助和协助的意识许可，但基本的理解就是我刚才向你描述的。

Well,I'm not saying that there weren't permission slips that could be used to aid and assist, but the basic understanding is what I just described to you.

问：知道了。

Got it. 

巴夏：因为即使有了基本的了解，人们仍然可以使用意识许可。

Because people can still use permission slips, even with a basic understanding.