巴夏：总统选举与中东
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月31日 06:00 辽宁
前言

这是你们星球在未来几年发生巨大变化的开始。不同的东西将被引入你的社会，这将加速你在这个选举周期中开始看到的变化。

梅夫拉纳

梅夫拉纳·贾拉莱丁·鲁米（Mevlana Celaleddin-i Rumi）在那个文化、政治和宗教发展的时期，创立了苏菲派(Sufi)，在西方被称为旋转托钵僧。梅夫拉纳是引导人类知识、智慧和美德的代表。他卓越的个性受到伊斯兰传统的熏陶，他的想法无论是在当时，还是在今天都发挥了积极的作用，并以他的著作成为一个让人永久怀念的人物。

图片

                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
                 传讯时间：2024年8月24日
问：我现在要转到一些时事问题上。
I'm going to shift over to some current event questions.
巴夏：是的。
Yes.
问：2024年11月5日即将到来的美国总统选举的结果对公开接触有重要意义吗？
Is the outcome of  the coming presidential election in the US on November 5, 2024 significant for open contact? 

巴夏:这绝对意义重大，它代表了一种加速，你们已经跳过了未来的两个选举周期。

It is absolutely significant, and it is a representation of an acceleration, You have skipped over two election cycles into the future.

问：这个问题再次与美国大选有关，但不是关于谁将获胜,你提到选举将导致选举方式的改变。然而，选举似乎在很大程度上仍然是一样的，尤其是在消极方面。这就是你所说的选举吗？

This question concerns the US elections again, but not about who will win, You mentioned that there will be an election leading to changes in how they are conducted.However,elections still seem to be largely the same, particularly in their negativity, Given the unusual nature of this year.Is this the election you were referring to? 

巴夏:是的，这是你们星球在未来几年发生巨大变化的开始。不同的东西将被引入你们的社会，这将加速你在这个选举周期中开始看到的变化。

Yes, This is the beginning of great changes upon your planet, Over the next several years.Different things will be introduced to your society that will accelerate the changes you are now beginning to see with this election cycle.

图片

问：我来自以色列，多年来一直在阅读、写作和为梅夫拉纳的知识书工作。以连接人类，为世界带来和平为使命。并为公开接触做好准备，这样做对吗？

I'm from Israel, I've been reading, writing, and working for the knowledge book by Mev Lanna for years.With the mission of connecting humanity, bringing peace to the world.And preparing ourselves for open contact, Is this the right thing to do? 

在我们能接触外星人之前我们需要和平吗？我们能做些什么来加强中东的和平和加快中东的和平进程？

Do we need peace before we can contact ETs? What can we do to enhance peace and speed up the process for peace in the Middle East?

巴夏:是的，和平对于与外星存有接触非常重要。这个想法再一次是在那个地区，受害的整个概念，向罪恶报仇的整个概念。必须放弃，必须建立真正的沟通，为了在该地区实现和平。

Yes, Peace is very important for contact with extraterrestrial beings.The idea again is that in that area, the entire concept of victimization, the entire concept of avenging wrongs.Must be abandoned, and real communication must be installed in order for peace to occur in that area.

不仅彼此之间要相互沟通，还要与内在自我沟通。并放下基于恐惧的信念和坚持受害的想法，这导致报复的想法成为一个无休止的循环。

Not only communication with each other, but communication within the self.And letting go of fear-based beliefs and the idea of holding on to victimization, which causes the idea of retribution to be an endless cycle.

问：我们能为不在那个地方的人做些什么来帮助这个过程吗？

Is there anything that we can do people who aren't in that location to help with that process?

图片

巴夏:你可以加强外交尝试的沟通，以和平解决局势，并允许人们如果他们愿意取得联系。再一次，他们基于恐惧的信念，他们的愤怒，他们觉得有理由做的事情并不代表正当理由，而只是报复。

You can increase the communication of your diplomatic attempts to resolve situations peacefully,and to allow people if they are willing to get in touch.Again, with their fear-based beliefs, with their anger, with the things that they feel justified doing that are not representative of justifications, but only of retributions.

而且根本不代表正义。这个想法一定是，无论发生什么沟通来帮助人们与他们自己联系，让他们放下受害的想法，都会对该地区大有裨益。联系，共享，交流

The idea must be that whatever communications can occur to help people get in touch with themselves to let go of victimization will be of great benefit to the area.Connection，community, communication.


图片





阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


