巴夏：无人机和回路
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月26日 06:03 辽宁
前言
所以这是一个非常复杂和涉及面广的行动，不仅涉及到你们的军方，还涉及外星人在另一个层面上来帮助协调信息，提供必要的保护，防止恶意行为在你们的世界中发生。

                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：2024年12月21日

问：下一个问题是关于无人机的，最近一直在发生。

And this next sort of questions is about the drones，have been happening recently.

巴夏：我们将在一份声明中回答全部问题。你们看到的大多数无人机都与人造设备，人类制造设备有关。这些设备用于监视、观察和保护他人免受恶意入侵。有些无人机可能是伪装成无人机的外星飞行器。

We will answer them all in one statement.Most of the drones that you have been seeing have to do with man made devices,human made devices.That are surveilling, observing and protecting against incursions from others with ill intent.Some of the drones may be extraterrestrial vehicles disguised as drones.

但许多无人机，甚至是参与这次监视和观察的人造军用无人机。可能仍在由外星人配合就无人机收集的信息而言。这对于防止其他图谋不轨者采取对你们星球上许多社会有害的行动非常重要。这会对你们星球上的许多社会造成危害。所以这是一个非常复杂和涉及面广的行动，不仅涉及到你们的军方，还涉及外星人在另一个层面上来帮助协调信息，提供必要的保护，防止恶意行为在你们的世界中发生。目前我们就说这么多。

But many of the drones, even the ones that are human made military made that are involved in this surveillance and observation.May still be being coordinated by extraterrestrial beings in terms of the information that is being gathered by the drones.That is important for preventing others of ill intent from doing actions So it's a very complex and involved operation that involves not only your military, but also extraterrestrials on another level to help coordinate information that provides the protection necessary to prevent actions that ill intent from happening in your world.that would be detrimental to many of the societies on your planet.And that is all we will say at this time.

图片
问：好的。嗯，这很有帮助，因为我相信很多人都想知道发生了什么。

Okay. Well, that's helpful because I'm sure a lot of people are wondering what is going on.

巴夏：这就是正在发生的事情。

That is what is going on.

问：好的，接下来我们继续讨论其它问题。这里有个人说，他们做了三个月的神圣回路。但他们感觉不到任何积极的变化。我试着与它们交谈，但没有收到任何回复。我试着观察它们，画出它们的形状。我也试着在只靠能量运行的情况下看着它们。我从每个符号中都感受到了一些东西，然后我注意到符号的能量持续了几个小时或更短的时间，但随后就消失了。使用神圣回路对转变产生充分影响的最佳方式是什么？

Okay, so moving along here to some additional questions.Here's an individual saying that they did the sacred circuits for three months.but they felt no positive changes.I tried talking with them, but received no communication back.I tried looking at them and taking their shapes, and I also tried looking at them while solely functioning on the energy.I was feeling something from each symbol, and then I noticed that the symbol's energy lasted for a few hours or less, but then it wore off.What is the best way to use the sacred circuits to have impact fully on transformation?

图片
巴夏：看来你只是在充满能量地使用它们，而没有将它们在你的神经回路中所做的改变与为人类回路服务而执行物理行动的想法连接起来。这就是他们的用途。这不仅仅是关于坐在那里，试图去感受你能量的变化。这是关于利用电路来重新排列你体内的能量路线，你体内的神经路线，来使你对更高频率的能量更具超导性和高导电性。然后采取在实现你为人类服务的激情所必要的行动。

It appears that you are only using them energetically and not connecting the changes that they make in your neurological circuitry to the idea of then performing physical actions in service to humanity circuits.That's what they're for. It's not just about sitting there and trying to feel changes in your energy.It's about using the circuits to rearrange the energy paths in your body, the energy paths in your body,the neurological paths in your body to make you more superconductive, hyperconductive of higher frequency energies.And then to take the actions that are necessary to act on your passion in service to humanity.

所以这是一个由两部分组成的过程。这不仅仅是对回路的冥想。因为这样一来，你就没有真正地流动回路帮助你改变自己的能量以务实和基于你的物理现实的方式。所以这不仅仅是关于体验能量变化。而是关于将它们付诸行动。

So it's a two-part process. It's not just about meditating on the circuits.Because then you're not really flowing the energy that the circuits are helping you change within yourself in a way that is pragmatic and grounded in your physical reality.It's not just about experiencing energy changes. It's about putting them into action.



