巴夏：盘古大陆
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月18日 22:18 辽宁
前言

现在我们只能说，因为现在有点为时过早，你们星球上还有其他你们一无所知的文明。

盘古大陆

盘古大陆，在早期的地质时代，是一个超级大陆，几乎囊括了地球上所有的陆地。盘古大陆被一个名为Panthalassa的全球海洋所包围，它在二叠纪早期（约2.99亿至约2.73亿年前）完全聚集而成。大约2亿年前，在侏罗纪早期（2.01亿至1.74亿年前），超级大陆开始分裂，最终形成了现代大陆以及大西洋和印度洋。1912年，德国气象学家阿尔弗雷德·韦格纳（Alfred Wegener）首次提出盘古大陆的存在，作为其大陆漂移理论的一部分。它的名字来源于希腊语pangaia，意思是“整个地球”。

Pangea, in early geologic time, a supercontinent that incorporated almost all the landmasses on Earth. Pangea was surrounded by a global ocean called Panthalassa, and it was fully assembled by the Early Permian Epoch (some 299 million to about 273 million years ago). The supercontinent began to break apart about 200 million years ago, during the Early Jurassic Epoch (201 million to 174 million years ago), eventually forming the modern continents and the Atlantic and Indian oceans. Pangea’s existence was first proposed in 1912 by German meteorologist Alfred Wegener as a part of his theory of continental drift. Its name is derived from the Greek pangaia, meaning “all the Earth.”

图片

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
               传讯时间：2023年9月10日
巴夏：你有想要问的吗？
And did you have a question? 
问：是的，我有一个问题，但主题不同。可以吗？
Yeah, I have a question, but different topic. Is that okay? 
巴夏：是的，当然。
Yes, of course.
问：好的，当然有。所以，有一本书，这是一本名为《意志的正确使用》的书。
Okay, sure. So this, there is a book, this is a book titled Right Use of Will.
有一次你说过这本书是通过通灵一切万有来写的。现在我正在把这本好书翻译成日语。
And once you said this book was written by channeling all that is.Now I am translating this beautiful book into Japanese. 
对我来说，最令人惊叹的篇章是盘古大陆或泛大陆的历史。但我注意到，与利莫里亚和亚特兰蒂斯相比，你并没有过多地谈论盘古大陆。
For me, the most amazing chapter was the history of Pangea or Pang.But I noticed that you haven't talked about Pangea that much in comparison to Lemuria or Atlantis.
你有没有计划在未来分享更多关于盘古大陆的信息？
Do you have any plan to share more information about Pangea in future?
巴夏：盘古大陆。
Pangea.
问：好的，抱歉，潘基亚。
Okay, sorry, Pangea.
巴夏：现在我们只能说，因为现在有点为时过早，你们星球上还有其他你们一无所知的文明。
All we can say at this point, because it's a little premature, is that there have been other civilizations on your planet you know nothing about.
问：哇哦！太疯狂了。好吧。
Wow. That's crazy. Okay.
所以昨天你在谈论真实的历史。你认为盘古大陆的历史会被揭露吗？
So yesterday you were talking about true history. Do you think the history of Pangea is going to be revealed?
巴夏：是的。
Yes.
问：很快就会揭露吗？
Is that quite soon?
巴夏：在接下来的几年里，在进程的某个时间点进行公开接触，一旦建立公开接触，你将获得有关地球整个历史的信息。
In open contact at some point over the course, of the next several years, once open contact is established, you will be given information about the entire history of the earth.
问：太令人惊奇了。
That's amazing.
巴夏：现在，我们明白，我们一直在说，你们改变了你们的过去和现在。这是真的。你们将获得的历史将代表你们当时所处的状态。
Now, we understand that we keep saying, you change your past along with your present.And this is true. So the history that you will be given will be representative of the state you are in at that time.
它会给你们的。这将反映出你们已经决定公开接触是你们真正喜欢的东西。
And it will be given to you. And it will be reflective of you having decided that open contact is something you truly prefer.
问：好的，我明白了。我将继续追随我对和平的热情。
Okay, I see. And I will keep on following my passion for peace. All right.
巴夏：好。请再次记住，你永远不会改变你所处的地球。你会不断地转移到另一个更能反映你内心的变化的地球。
All right.And do remember once again, you never change the earth you're on. You shift to another earth constantly that is more reflective of the changes you make within yourself.
图片
问：谢谢。
Thank you. 
巴夏：所以继续做出你喜欢的改变。我们感谢你。
So keep making the changes you prefer. And we thank you.
问：非常感谢你。我爱你。
Thank you very much. I love you. 
巴夏：我们也无条件的爱你。
Our unconditional love to you as well.
图片





阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 