巴夏：美国大选对人类的影响
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月22日 21:09 辽宁
前言

女性会导致公开接触。

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2024年9月15日

问：所以我的第二个问题，这次聚会后，丽莎和我要去剥皮行者牧场。

So my second question, Lisa and I are going to Skinwalker Ranch after this gathering.

巴夏：你确定你想要去吗？

Are you sure you want to? 

问：百分之百确定。

Yes, 100%. 

巴夏：好的。

All right. 

问：并且我们知道桌子山下有一艘飞船。

And we know that there is a ship under the mesa.

巴夏：是的，有一艘非常古老的飞船。

Yes, there is, a very ancient one. 

问：是的，你能给我们一些提示或建议，让我们更有可能进行身体接触吗？

Is there any tips or any things you can suggest us to make our physical contact more probable?

巴夏：不能，现在不能。只是去然后看看会发生什么。因为这将取决于你的能量在那个地区为你打开了什么，因为在这个地区有门户。你的能量和振动将与需要为你发生的任何事情保持一致。但是，是的，桌子山上埋着一艘古老飞船。

No, not at this time. Just go and see what happens. Because it will depend upon your energy as to what opens up in that area for you, because there are portals in that area.And your energy and your vibration will align with whatever needs to happen for you. But, yes, there is an ancient ship buried in the mesa.

它仍然处于活跃状态，并且仍然发出有助于稳定该地区门户的振动。

It is still active and still giving off vibrations that help stabilize the portals in the area.

问：所以我们打算在剥皮行者牧场冥想。你会建议我们做哪种冥想吗？

So we intended to do a meditation on the Skinwalker Ranch. Is there any suggestion that you will suggest us to do Which kind of meditation? 

巴夏：没有，我只是说去看看你带来了什么样的能量。你进入的意图将决定什么为你打开。

No, I just said go and see what kind of energy you bring.The intention you have going in will determine what opens for you. 

问：谢谢，好的。所以我来自加拿大。所以我们的问题是，我有两位精神导师。更强大的预言。告诉我们特朗普将获胜，我们将迁移到月球，迁移到火星。我有一位精神导师在另一边告诉我，卡玛拉会获胜，通过公开接触，我们会走向一个更美好的地球。

Thank you. Okay, so I'm from Canada.So the question we have, I have two spiritual teachers.Bigger prediction.Telling us that Trump will win and we are going to migrate to moon, migrate to Mars.I have a spiritual teacher on the other side told me, Camala is going to win and with the open contact and we are going to a better earth.

所以我很高兴，因为无论谁获胜，我都拥会有一个更美好的世界。所以，我的问题是，即将到来的选举对人类，尤其是加拿大有何影响？

So I'm very happy because no matter who wins, I will have a better world. So my question to you is, how does the upcoming election impact especially the humanity and especially Canada?

图片

巴夏：等一下。我们正在检查一些东西。因为一般来说，我们真的不被允许对你们的政治发表深刻的评论。但是，由于情况在不久的将来会有所变化，我们正在检查我们可以说什么。

One moment. We are checking some thing. Because generally speaking, We are not really allowed to comment deeply on your politics.But, Since things are changing somewhat in the near future, we are checking to see what we are allowed to say.

我不能告诉你关于加拿大的详细情况。我可以给你一些关于美国选举的非常笼统的细节。然而，必须对此提出警告，因为我们通常不被允许对这些事情发表评论。

I cannot give you specifics about the country of Canada.I am allowed to give you some very general specifics about the election in the United States.However, there must be caveats with this, since we are normally not allowed to comment on such things.

有些事情我们可以说，但如果我们说这些话是因为这是你们的世界，你愿意为你们的人民对我们即将说的话的反应负责吗？并且在你回答之前，仔细想想这意味着什么。你愿意为我们将要说的话负责吗？确保答案是肯定的。

There are certain things we can say, but if we say them because it is your world, are you willing to take responsibility for the responses of your population to what we are about to say?And before you answer, think carefully about what that means.Are you willing to take responsibility for what we are about to say?Be sure the answer is yes. 

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：好吧，这就是我们被允许说的。女性会导致公开接触。我还需要说更多吗？

All right.This is what we are allowed to say. The female will lead to open contact.Do I need to say more? 

图片

问：不。

No.

巴夏：你愿意对这些信息负责吗？

Are you willing to take responsibility for the information?

问：是的。

Yes. 

巴夏：男性将导致美国的终结和第三次世界大战。评论结束。

The male will lead to the termination of the United States and World War III.end of comment.



阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


