巴夏：诺亚方舟
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月12日 06:01 辽宁
前言

所以这发生在许多不同的方向，当然，所有不同的所谓诺亚，他们有不同的名字，都登陆在不同的地区。

诺亚方舟

诺亚方舟是一艘拯救了一代人类和动物的船，当时以色列的上帝决定通过向地球发送一场大洪水来摧毁人类。这个故事与古代的邻国以色列文明有许多共同元素，所有这些文明都出于各种原因利用了由神圣元素派来的宇宙洪水的概念。

Noah’s Ark is the boat that saved a generation of humans and animals when the God of Israel decided to destroy the human race by sending a great flood upon the earth. The story shares many elements with ancient, neighboring civilizations of Israel, all of whom utilized concepts of a universal flood, sent by divine elements for various reasons.

图片

                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
                 传讯时间：2023年10月21日
问：为了与万圣节精神保持一致，在亚特兰蒂斯毁灭后，你说诺亚得到了外星人的指示来建造他的船。船上面有多少动物，它们相处得怎么样？如果诺亚没有这样做，这是否意味着我们今天的许多动物都不会存在？
And in keeping with the Halloween spirit, after Atlantis fell, you have said that Noah was given instructions by ETs to build his boat.How many animals were on it, and how did they get along? And if Noah had not done so, does this mean that many of our current animals today would not exist?

巴夏：首先，你们共同地称为诺亚的人不止一个。有许多这样的交通工具离开并朝着不同的方向行驶。

First of all, there is more than one being that you are collectively referring to as Noah.There were many such vehicles that departed and went in different directions.

这就是为什么你们星球上几乎每种文化都有彼此非常相似的洪水故事。关于一个人在某种水上交通工具里。关于一个人乘坐某种水上交通工具，他设法在洪水中幸存下来，带着家人和动物。

This is why you have flood stories in almost every culture on your planet that are very similar to one another.About a being in some kind of water vehicle. About a being in some kind of water vehicle that managed to survive the flood, carrying families and animals with them.

图片

所以这发生在许多不同的方向，当然，所有不同的所谓诺亚，他们有不同的名字，都登陆在不同的地区。

So this happened in many different directions, and all of the different so-called Noahs, of course, who had different names, all landed in different areas.

所以这个想法是，是的，如果没有发生这种情况，有些动物今天就不会在你们中间了。但这个想法是，在你们星球上的两个不同地区，有许多不同种类的物种。

So the idea is, yes, had that not happened, there would be certain animals that wouldn't be among you today.But the idea is that there was a disbursement of many different kinds of species in two different areas on your planet.

这是由许多不同的个体完成的，他们创造了许多不同种类的船。

And this was done by many different individuals who created many different kinds of crafts.

问：所以我想我们今天的版本是保存所有不同物种的DNA，以便如果发生灾难性的事情。

So I guess our version of it today is where we save all the DNA from all the different species so that if something cataclysmic happens.

巴夏：是的，并且在某些情况下，一些动物当时实际上只不过是DNA。

Yes, and in some cases, some of the animals were, in fact, nothing more than DNA at the time.


图片



阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 