Bashar:来自巴夏团队关于Covid-19的讯息
原创 爱康Aikang 传送点 2020-05-10 19:03
A Message from The Bashar Team 

一则来自巴夏团队

About Covid-19

关于Covid-19的讯息


The worldwide spread of Covid-19 has many of us deeply concerned about our health, economy and community. We remind everyone that Bashar warned us that 2020 was going to take us through some major changes and challenges. How we respond to all of these changes is our individual choice and will define who we become. We ask that everyone please remain calm and follow the recommendations of the World Health Organization.

Just as important as preventing the spread of the virus is to remember to be kind to one another. Offer assistance to your high-risk neighbors. Approach each interaction with love and understanding. Work together, through this pandemic, to raise our vibration and help society evolve, as a whole.

Covid-19在世界范围内的传播,让我们中的许多人陷入了对健康、经济和社区共同体的焦虑。我们想提醒每一个人，巴夏预警过2020年我们会经历一些主要的改变和挑战。我们如何应对这些改变，是我们每一个个体的选择，并且将定义我们成为谁。我们要大家，请保持平静，并且密切关注WHO的建议。（译注：WHO网址https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019）

要记得善待彼此，这和防止病毒传播同等重要。为（外出）有高风险的邻居们（译注：老年人群等）提供一些帮助。用爱与理解推进彼此间的互动。通过这次全球性流行病，携手合作，提升我们的频率并帮助社会进化，像一个整体那样。

Hear what Bashar said about The Year of 2020 lastDecember

关于2020 听听巴夏在去年12月说了些什么





We would at this time like to get a little bit serious with you.

Not the star system so much.

But have what would amount perhaps to be a heart to heart.

For what's coming up is very important.



我们这一次会严肃一些,

不是指星系(Sirius天狼星和seriou严肃的，同音）。

但是,或许这相当于,一次心对心地交流。

因为即将来临的事物非常的重要。



In terms of your timing,we have said that your year of 2020 is a pivotal point in what you call your history.

you are shifting through a  VERY particular moment，

crossing a VERY particular threshold



依据你们的时间（时机） 的角度而言,

我们曾说过，你们的2020是一个中枢点。

在你们称之为的你们的“历史”里

你们正在经历一个“非常”特别的转变时刻

穿过一个“非常”特别的门槛（临界点）。



And so at this timing，it is important for certain states of being

to be paramount within you,

to help you through this time,

to help you cross that threshold

in a positive and constructive manner.

For what comes after will be predicted very strongly on what you do and who you are in 2020.



因此，在这个时刻（时机），

让某个状态在你的内在占据主导，

一以个正面的（积极的）并且有建设性的方式

去帮助你 度过这个时期，

去帮助你 穿过这个门槛（临界点）很重要。

因为之后随即来临的，非常大程度上可由“2020年你做了什么、2020年你是谁”，而被预言。



We would like each and every one of you to know.

How important it is for you to truly be yourselves in the coming year.

How important it will be for you to make decisions that are in alignment with your best discernment.

How important it will be and how important it is for you to remain at the center of the storm.



我们希望你们中的每一个人都知晓

在即将到来的这一年里，

真正地做自己有多重要;

凭你最好的洞察力，并做出与之一致的决定，对你而言将有多重要;

现在以及将来，保持"待在暴风雨的中心"这个状态,对你来说有多重要。



Because if i may use some of your qolloquial language.

2020 is going to be nuts.

It's going to be crazy.



如果我可以用一些你们通俗的语言来表达的话，

因为，2020会"没有理智"

2020会很疯狂



And it is of paramount importance that you remain

If you wish to be on a certain train in the eye of the storm where it's calm.

Where peace and solitude rains.

Where even though you may see

the storm raging all around you ,

swirling around you,

thundering and lightning all around you.



而且，如果你愿意的话，

待在某一列在暴风眼之内的“火车”上,至关重要。

那里，很平静.

那里，有和平与独处（隐居）的“甘露”.

那里，即使你可能看到

风暴在咆哮

在你的周围旋转

围绕着你

电闪 雷鸣

在你周围



It is more importantthan ever before，

and more important than it will be for quite a long time.

During this crossing during this threshold during this pivotal year,

to be at peace  within yourself,

to be calm within yourself,

to be centered within the eye of the storm.



比以往任何时候更重要的

也是在相当一段时期里,

比未来任何时候都重要的.



是在这段穿越期，在这段临界点时期，在这个关键年期间

你的内在 保持平和

你的内在是平静的

（能量）集中在"暴风之眼"内