巴夏：“锚定”你的选择
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2024-01-20 19:58


问：
But the challenge of having those negative options or negative manifestations will go away the more I like
随着我跟随我的激情，那么，那些负面选择或者负面显化，是不是就会渐渐消失或减少？

巴夏：
The options will never go away.
这些选择，永远不会消失

You'll become more aware of them. But you'll be less likely to choose them
你会越来越觉察到它们，但是，你也会越来越不大可能选择它们

Because they don't feel right.
因为，它们会让你感觉不大对劲

It would be like going shopping and picking a shirt that is too small and saying:”Well, you know this is an option. I could wear this. But if I put this on,it's gonna feel too tight.  And that's not comfortable for me. So I'll choose something else a little bit more roomy.”
这就像你去购物，你挑了一件太小的衬衫，然后，你说：“这是一个选择，我可以穿。但如果我真穿上了，会觉得太紧。这对我来说，并不舒服。所以，我还是选更宽松一点的吧！”

问：
Yeah okay
好的，我明白了

So as as we shift more and more into the the earth's that we prefer, as we make those kinds of choices, does that mean that those choices that are on our table at the moment in terms of just the contrast available? Does that mean battles still be part of of this earth experience 
随着我们不断转向我们喜好的版本的地球，随着我们不断做出这样的选择，这是否意味着，目前摆在台面上的这些对比分明的选择，不断的纷争，仍然属于地球体验的一部分？

And I'll still see them, but I'll need to make choices.
也就是说，我仍然能看见它们（负面选择），但我需要做出选择

巴夏：
It can be that. And at first it will be that
会是这样，并且，刚开始就是这样

Because again,it's giving you the opportunity to really anchor into what your true choices are by constantly giving you the choices that are not by comparison. So that you can really decide which way to go.
因为，通过不断地给予你选择，让你可以通过比较，从而有机会准确地“锚定”真实的你的选择，这样，你才能真正决定你要走哪条路

So you can see,by contrast,what you truly do prefer and don't prefer in a non judgmental way. Just see what doesn't fit.
通过对比，你会发现自己真正喜好的，以及非你喜好的，并不带评判地看待它们，而只是视之为“不适合”自己

So yes, for a while,you'll be even more aware of the things that you don't prefer.
所以，是的，有一段时间，你会更加觉察到你所不喜好的事物

But that's all right to be aware of them to know they're there.
但觉察到它们的存在，知道它们就在那里，这也是好的

Because again,it gives you more opportunity to not choose them, to see how many ways you cannot choose what you don't prefer, as well as seeing more ways to choose what you do.
因为，它们让你有更多机会 可以不选择它们。它们让你看到 你可以有很多种方式 不选择非你喜好的，也让你看到 你有很多种方式 选择你所需喜好的。

You expand
你的意识扩展了。

remember,that option exists on every single level.
请记住，这样的选择，存在于每一个意识层面上

You become more aware of what you don't prefer as you expand. But you also become more aware that you don't have to choose them
随着你不断扩展，你会变得更加觉察到你所不喜好的，但你也会变得更加觉察到，你可以不选择它们

That they just not right for you.
它们只是不适合你

So it equals out, it balances out.
于是，它就抵消了，平衡了

It's more easy to recognize what is not you by seeing more of what is not you.
通过看到更多“不是你”的东西，你会更容易认出“是你”的东西
otherwise you can't expand.
否则，你就无法扩张

问：
是的，没错。好的，太棒了！谢谢你，巴夏！

Just one last thing, there doesn't seem to be much ET action in Ireland.
最后一个问题。似乎，在爱尔兰，没有多少的外星人活动

巴夏：
Oh oh no no no.
哦！不！不！不！

There's a lot. There's a lot. 
有很多！有很多！

You don't have to always be aware of it.
你并不需要一直觉察到它们

But there's a lot 
但是，有很多

you may become more aware of it in time
慢慢地，你会变得越来越觉察到它们

You'll see.
到时候，你就会知道（看到）

问：
That's it, that's great, Bashar.
就这些了，太棒了！谢谢你，巴夏！

巴夏：
好的！Avail!