巴夏：你总是可以选择
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2024-01-19 19:58


问：
I understand that everything that you've taught over the last 10 years I've been listening to. It's an incredible skill to have
我理解了你这十几年来传导的所有信息，你真是太牛逼了

And I find myself these days remembering and forgetting and remembering and forgetting like thousand times a day.
最近，我发现自己没记性，记了又忘，再记又再忘，一天要来回个几千次

And forgetting that those grains of sand as you put it in the engine in in the more refined engine. They can really bring the day to a halt. And then I can immediately change it
就像小小的“沙粒”，掉到越来越精微的“引擎”中，也会让一个人的一天“停滞不前”，然后，我又得马上改变

And it's going in and out and in and out
这样来来回回，进进出出……

There's a couple of things that I'm just finding really challenging
有几件事，我刚刚发现，真的很有挑战

And I feel like the last couple of things or something.
我感觉，我突然不知道自己要说啥，要做啥

巴夏：
All right that's all right that's all right. Don't worry about it.
好的，没事！没事！不要担心这个

Remember the process is the point
请记住：过程才是重点

问：
Exactly exactly. 
确实！确实！

I sometimes get worried that I'm ...
我有时，我会担心自己……

Though I feel like I'm expanding and things are getting better. And I've got more ability to react consciously.
虽然，我感觉自己（意识）在不断地扩张，各方面也都变得越来越好，我也能对发生的事 做出更觉察地应对

The things that are hanging on I can get worried about them and think: Oh god no. I'm not on track at all
但是，萦绕在我心头，让我担心思虑的是：“噢！天哪，我不在自己的轨道上！”

With the reflection,as it is in the world today,with such contrast,available to tap into like you
如今的世界，我们到处都可以看到，不同人的生活，有着鲜明的对比

巴夏：
Just relax and make your choices according to what you feel is correct for you.
你只需要放轻松，然后，根据自己的感觉，做出自己认为对的选择

You always have the opportunity to change your mind.
你总是有机会，改变自己的想法

But the idea is you're exploring. And that's all right.
重点是，你在探索中，而这并没关系的

You can keep exploring.
你可以继续探索

You don't have to worry about the idea.
你不需要担心这些（没记性）

Just make your choices, see how they feel.
你只需要做出选择，再看看自己对它的感觉

You don't feel right about them, make another choice.
如果你感觉不妥，那就另做它选

You always have the power to choose.
你总是有选择的能力

Just stay in the moment with it.
跟自己的“选择”待一会儿，感受一下它

That's all
就这么简单

问：
好的

You said before: don't look where you don't want to go. This idea of what you focus on will manifest
你之前说过：“如果你不想去哪里，那就不要往那里看”，“你关注什么，就会显化什么”。

巴夏：
Yes, but don't worry about that either
是的，但这个也不用担心

Because even if it does, you're aware enough to know that that is or isn't what you prefer and to make a different choice.
因为，即使这些显化了，你也足够觉察到 它们是否是你所喜好的，并做出不同的选择

And that's the whole point.
而这（觉察）才是关键

As long as you keep checking in with yourself,you're fine.
只要你不断地检视自己，那你就没事

问：
Yeah,okay that's nice. Okay great.
好，很好，太好了！

So this is just a kind of it comes with the territory of becoming more aware of the choices that are are possible.
这好像关系到一个人的意识觉察范围，他会变得越来越能觉察到自己的选择，以及其实现的可能性

巴夏：
It goes with the territory, yes.
是的，这跟一个人的觉察范围有关