巴夏：做自己的英雄
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar
 2025年01月02日 20:28 福建
传讯时间：2011年8月27日
标题：Writing Your Life Story
 
巴夏：
What is the single most important archetypal element that makes the hero interesting?
使英雄的角色，变得有趣的最重要的原型元素是什么？

The villain.
反派（坏人）

The agonist is responsible for the level of interest you have in the protagonist.
反派角色，决定了你对主角的兴趣程度

Think about that.
想想看

Think about some of your favorite books and films.
想一想你最喜欢的书和电影

Many times you will actually be surprised when you think back and realize that one of the more interesting characters was actually the villain.
很多时候，当你回想起来，你会惊讶地发现：其中一个更有趣的角色，其实是反派

Many times you actually can't even really remember the hero as strongly as you remember the villain.
很多时候，你对英雄的记忆，甚至不如对反派的记忆那么深刻

The villain defines the hero.
反派，定义了英雄

Without the idea of the negative side, the hero has nothing to be heroic about.
如果没有负面角色的存在，那么英雄，就无“英勇”可言了

Thus then, in many ways you can say it is the negative side that allows the positive side to be so memorable.
因此，很多时候，你可以说，正是“负面”，才让“正面”如此令人难忘

Because it is only in the overcoming and the transformation of the challenges posed to the hero that allow you to truly go on the hero's journey with him or her 
因为只有英雄在克服并转化所面临的挑战的过程中，你才真正与他/她一同踏上“英雄之旅”

And for that, you have the villain to thank.
为此，你要感谢那个反派

So, this is why it is so important not to push the negative ideas away, but to incorporate them in a manner that allows you, as the hero of your own story, to become much more interesting that much more well-defined.
所以，这就是为什么“不要把负面推开”是如此的重要，而是以某种方式将它们融入到你的人生中，让“你”的英雄故事变得更有趣，让你的英雄形象，更为明显。（你是你的故事的主角）

As we have said many times in these transmissions to many of you, many of you will find that the easiest way to find out what you are is to experience more clearly what you are not.
正如我们多次在传讯中讲过的那样，你们很多人会发现：找出“你是什么”的最简单方法，就是更明确地体验“你不是什么”

Thus then, by giving yourself the opportunity to interact with those challenging negative scenarios, by giving yourself the opportunity to let rise to the surface of your consciousness,those negative beliefs, and become aware of them ,
因此，通过与那些具有挑战的负面情境互动，你给了自己一个机会，让潜藏的负面信念浮现到意识层面，并且觉察到它们的存在

You give yourself the opportunity to have something to transform.
你给了自己一个机会，让自己知道需要转变的是什么

You give yourself the opportunity to become an active, heroic individual in your own story.
你给了自己一个机会，让你在自己的故事中，可以成为一个积极的、英雄般的人物

This doesn't mean you have to have a big ego.
这并不是说，你有了一个“膨胀的小我”

That might be another antagonistic that you can write a story around 
（如果这样的话，那你又有了一个可写的“反派故事”）

But the idea is that as you become more heroic, you become more truly yourself.
但是，随着你变得更加“英勇”，你也变得更像“真实的自己”

But the way you get there, the path to being that legendary hero, is the true understanding and the true relationship that you form between the hero and the villain and allowing that to be in perfect harmony and perfect balance 
但你到达那里的方式，你成为传奇英雄的道路，在于你真正理解，并建立起英雄与反派之间的真实关系，并让这种关系，保持完美的和谐与平衡

And knowing that the choice is always there to succumb to the negative side,
同时，你也知道“屈服于负面的选择一直都在”

But once you validate that the negative side has a reason for being, that it is an equal choice and a valid choice to any other choice you could make then you go from being the villain in your own story to being the hero.
但是，当你认可负面有其存在的理由，意识到它是一个 与你的其他选择同等且有效的选项，那么，你就会从自己故事中的反派，蜕变成英雄

Because you incorporate both in a balanced way.
因为，你将二者平衡地结合在一起

And thus are capable of simply choosing what you prefer without invalidating the negative side that brought you to that realization, that brought you to that understanding that allowed you to become the hero you prefer to be.
如此，你就能简单地选择你所喜好的，而不用否认负面，（但也正是负面），让你有这样的认知，让你有这样的领悟，让你成为了你想成为的英雄

Do you understand?
你明白了吗？

Thank you.
谢谢！



巴夏Bashar
 不滞文字，以心传心 


