巴夏：失衡的外在提醒
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar
 2024年08月07日 18:18 福建


问：
Could you also provide us with some guidance or how to positively integrate what we are seeing?
你能否给我们一些指导或建议，告诉我们如何积极地接纳（整合）我们所看到的一切？

For instance, the rapid changes in the climatic circumstances？
比如说，地球气候环境的快速变化？

What are we showing ourselves？
我们是在向自己展示什么呢？

巴夏：
You are showing yourselves when you're out of balance to give you the opportunity to bring yourselves back into balance.
当你（内在）失去平衡时，你（外在）就会展现出你的状态，这给了你机会，让你可以把自己带回到平衡状态

You will always have a feedback system in physical reality, either through the idea of your climate, your physical environment. Even the idea of disease pathogens are reflections of when you're out of balance.
在物质世界中，你总会有一个“反馈系统”，不论是通过你们的气候、环境等，甚至导致疾病的病原体，也是你失去平衡时的反映

So you can use them as guide rails to bring yourself back into balance by understanding in what way you may be holding on to fear based beliefs that are causing the imbalance within your energy.
所以，你可以把它们当作“引导轨”，把自己带回平衡状态。你需要做的，就是弄明白，你坚持了哪些基于恐惧的负面信念，才导致你能量中出现了失衡

问：
好的！

And but the increase of the frequency here on earth is that also part of seeing the imbalance more profoundly?
地球频率的提升，也是我们能更深刻地看到不平衡的部分原因吗？

巴夏：
是的！

Again, your senses become sharper, your awareness of what's going on becomes clearer.
你的感官变得更敏锐，能够更清晰地觉察到正在发生的事

You see things differently for what they are.
你会以不同的方式，看待事物本身

You can start to understand the underlying causal mechanisms energetically, psychologically, spiritually within you more easily.
对于内在的深层因果机制，你也会更容易从能量、心理和精神层面去理解

You become more transparent to yourself.
对自己，你会看得更加“透彻”

And your motivations become more transparent to you as well.
对于你的动机，你也会看得更加“明了”

And the connection between your actions and the effects on your planet also become more transparent to you.
你的行为，及其对世界的影响之间的关系，你也会看得更加“清晰”

You don't see yourself as disconnected from nature. You see yourself as an extension of nature.
你不再视自己与大自然“分离”，而是知晓 自己是大自然一个“延伸”

And you see nature as a feedback system based on your emotional states, your physical states, your mental states, your spiritual states.
你把大自然当作你的一个“反馈系统”，如实地反映出你的情绪状态、生理状态、精神状态和心灵状态

And you don't have that separation as much anymore between you and the concept of nature itself.
你不再像过去那样，在自己与大自然之间感受到那么强烈的分离感了。