巴夏：就等你们准备好
问：

Is there any chance that our galactic friends can actively push our awakening and the spiritual transformation underway in humanity on earth?

我们的银河朋友们，是否会积极地加速地球人类的集体意识的扬升与觉醒呢？

 

巴夏：

Answer: No, no chance at all.

不可能，绝对不可能！（开玩笑的）

 

What do you think we're doing here?

你以为我们来这里，是干什么的？  

 

The sharing of information is pushing you if you accept it.

分享信息，就是在推动你们，如果你们接受的话

 

We have to allow you the opportunity to decide with your free will whether you want to absorb this information or not.

我们必须尊重你们的自由意志，让你们自己选择是否接受这些信息。

 

That's why we are giving you this information at arm's length, instead of forcing it on you with our presence.

这就是为什么我们与你们保持一定距离，来传递这些信息，而不是亲临现场，强迫你们接受。

 

So, the idea is we will watch and observe how much of this information you absorb and that tells us when you are ready for more, and more, and more.

所以，我们会关注你们对这些信息的吸收程度，这会告诉我们，你们什么时候准备好接受更多、更多、更多的信息。

 

But it's in your hands to tell us when you would like to be pushed, and how.

但决定权在你们手中，由你们来告诉我们你们何时希望被推动，以及如何被推动。

 

We are following your cues, your life paths, what your collective agreements are, what your souls' agreements are.

我们遵循你们的信号、你们的人生道路、你们的集体协议，以及你们灵魂的约定。  

We have to have the permission of your collective consciousness to deliver information to you and the things that are not appropriate to tell you at this moment, that would intervene on your path, are blocked from our awareness so that we don't even know that that information exists.

 

我们必须得到你们集体意识的许可，才能向你们传递信息，而那些此刻不适合告诉你们的事情，那些会干预你们道路的事情，则会被屏蔽，让我们无法感知，以至于我们甚至都不知道那些信息的存在。

 

When we disconnect from this methodology and go back to our own reality, we will probably know those things.

当我们结束这种交流方式，回到我们自己的世界时，我们或许就会知道哪些事了。

 

But for the purpose of this conversation and this transmission, there are things that we're not supposed to tell you that would be an intervention and an intervening in your choices and your paths so we will simply not have that information.

但为了这次对话和信息传递的目的，有些事情我们不能告诉你们，以免影响你们的自主选择和人生道路，我们也就无法获取那些信息。

 

You will hear something like that information is not available through this terminal at this time.

你们就会听到类似这样的话：“该信息，目前无法通过此终端获取。”  

 

问：

Love that.

真喜欢这个说法！




