巴夏：打赤脚
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-06-02
There are many fluctuations going on in the electromagnetic field of your planet at this time 

在这个时间段，地球的电磁场有非常多的变动



and many individuals who are becoming increasingly sensitive may feel this energy in their bodies in certain ways that are painful from time to time. 

很多人也变得越来越敏感，有些人会感觉到这些变化的能量，时不时以疼痛的方式在他们身上表现出来。



If it will ease your fears, by all means, seek your own medical practitioner's advice to make sure nothing is wrong with you. 

寻求医生的建议，以确定自己身体没问题，如果这么做可以缓解你的恐惧的话，那务必找个医生看看



But if you are simply becoming increasingly sensitive to that energy, in all likelihood they will not find anything wrong with you. 

但如果你对这股能量变得越来越敏感，医生也找不到你身上的任务毛病



Learn to center yourselves with the idea that you do not have to experience the fluctuations as pain. 

那你需要学会让进入自己内在的“中心点”，（进入平衡状态），明白你可以不需要以疼痛的方式来经历这个波动阶段



Simply understand there are many things your civilization has to process through itself, and therefore, sometimes it may manifest as pains and aches here and there, especially in the heart and the head. 

要知道，你们的文明有许多事情需要自我处理，因此，对于个人来说，显化出来的就是在身体上某些部位会有疼痛，尤其是在心脏和头部



As the new energy comes through, if you are not used to it, you may believe it will cause you difficulty. 

随着新能量的不断到来，如果你还不习惯的话，你可能会认为这会给你带来困扰



Your uncertainty and your doubt can cause the energy to translate in your body as pain. 

你的不确定性，以及你的怀疑，会把这股能量转化为身体上的疼痛



Relax. 

放轻松吧！



Allow yourselves once again to breathe easily, breathe fully of life. 

再一次轻松地呼吸，全然地吐纳生命的气息



Always take heart in the memory that you are choosing to change in this way; 

请铭记于心：是你自己选择以这种方式来改变的



the more you remember it is your choice, the less painful it will be. 

你越是记得这是你的选择，你的疼痛就会越少



Because the more you remember it is your choice, the less uncertain you will be. 

因为你越是记得这是你的选择，你就越不会“不确定”



We will radiate a soothing energy throughout this interaction; 

在与你们的互动过程中，我们也会辐射出舒缓的能量



you may use it in any way, shape or form your imagination desires. 

你可以根据自己的想象力，以任何方式来利用我们的能量



Some of you may simply require what is called "grounding". 

你们有些人可能只需要“打赤脚”就可以了（接地）



This can be accomplished in a number of ways;

接地的方式有很多种



of course, your imagination can always be a flawless guide to tell you what will work best for you. 

当然，你的想象力一直以来都会完美无瑕地指引你，告诉你该怎么做，才是对你最有效的



图片
图片
图片
国外网站有很多文章都说“接地”的好处，我就不翻译了哈，你知道很有好处，就够了。

阅读 4494