巴夏：服务自己 VS 服务他人
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-10-30


问：

I guess The Law Of One material mentions there is a service to others split, services to self split and those who are not polarized to be repeating third density 

好像在《一的法则》中提到“服务他人”与“服务自己”之间的割裂，那些将其对立的人，将不断地“轮回”在第三密度的实相中

 

巴夏：

Again, the idea is that there's no such thing as a true repeat 

我再重申一遍，没有所谓真正的“轮回”（循环）



That's a choice. 

轮回，只是个选择



You see, perhaps part of what's happening here is that you might be using terminology that's a bit out of date. 

你之所以会感到困惑，一部分原因，可能是你使用的“过时”的术语导致的



So the idea is that these old-fashioned ways of describing things don't necessarily represent what's really going on in the mechanism 

这些老旧的描述用语，并没有真正地呈现出宇宙（实相）的实际运作机制



So the concept of service to self, service to others is understood in a couple of ways

服务自己，与服务他人的区别，有多种理解方式



if you want to talk about that as a split, that's fine. But it's really just a perspective 

如果你把它看做一种“割裂”，那也可以，但是，那也只是一个视角



Those that value service to self above service to others, in a sense, are choosing a more negative way of experiencing the idea 

那些把“服务自己”看得比“服务他人”更重要的人，从某种意义上讲，他们选择了一种更为负面的方式，来体验“服务”这个理念



Because they are creating a segregational energy 

因为，他们在不断地创造分离的能量



Those that value the idea of service to others will understand the same idea from a more positive direction 

而那些重视“服务他人”的人，则能够更积极正面的理解同一个“服务”理念



Because they look at it as a whole system 

因为，他们是以整个系统的角度，看待“服务”



And already realize that service to others is service to self 

他们已经认识到：服务他人，就是服务自己



Because you can't be left out of a whole system 

因为，你不可能脱离整个系统，而单独存在



Whereas those that experience the idea or perceive the idea or identify the idea service to self first in a negative way are not seeing themselves as part of a whole. They're looking at it in a segregated, component sort of orientation. 

而那些以负面的方式理解、经验、认定“服务自己”的人，他们并没有把自己当做整体的一部分，而是倾向于分离、分区、分组等（如等级、阶层、派系等）



Now, it doesn't mean that it's not important to focus on being your true self. 

但是，这并不意味着“关注自身，做真实的自己”不重要



That's not the same thing 

这是两码事



Because being your true self first is what actually allows you to be of service to others 

因为，只有先做“真实的自己”，才能让你更有能力真正地为他人服务



Because if you're not you, how can you help anybody? 

因为，如果你不是“你”，那你还能帮到谁呢？



So there's a couple of different ways of looking at this concept 

所以，如何看待服务自己与服务他人，就存在多种不同的视角



Some of which are a little bit more aligned with the negative idea 

有些看法，有点偏向消极负面



Some of which a little bit more aligned with the positive idea. 

有些看法，则更倾向积极正面



But it's really about looking at whole systems as opposed to breaking things apart into components 

但关键在于，以整体的视角来看，（从整体利益出发），而不是拆得四分五裂（只考虑自己得失）



Does that make sense? 

你明白了吗？



问：

Yes! Thank you! 

是的！谢谢！