巴夏：灵性信息该免费吗？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-08

Now we come to one of the biggest and most talked about issues and metaphysics.

现在我们讨论一个最受关注的，形而上学的大问题



The idea that information should be free instead of having to pay for it.

信息该是免费？还是收费？



Let's see what Bashar has to say about that concept.

让我们听听巴夏对这问题怎么看



As we have explained many times, information is always free,

如我们曾多次解说过的，信息都是免费



Freely accessible to anyone who simply allows himself to get into the vibrational state

任何有办法将自己调整到与他们所寻求的信息同频的人



that is equal in frequency to the information that they seek

都可以轻而易举的获得这些信息



As we have said, you are not really paying for information when you buy a service

如我们所说的，当你从提供信息服务的人获得信息



from someone providing the information to you

你所支付的，并非信息的钱，而是服务的钱



An analogy that we have often used is that of a fruit tree

我们经常用果树来比喻



You have the ability to get free fruit anytime you wish,

如果你愿意自己种植培育果树，



if you are willing to cultivate and grow a fruit tree,

你便可以随时自由采摘



Then the fruit is free for the plucking.

而且水果免费的



But if you have decided, you've made a choice instead to not grow your own tree

但如果你决定自己不种树



But to ask for the fruit from another's tree,

而是从别人树上摘水果



Then the farmers, the grocers where you are asking to access the fruit

那当你向农民或商贩索取水果时



have spent their time, their energy, their labor in providing the service of bringing you that fruit

由于他们花了时间、精力和劳力为你提供服务



And that service is what then there must be fair exchange for.

那你得给予相当的补偿，以示公平交易



So the idea is as simple as understanding that if you are hiring someone to do a job that you are either believing you are unable or unwilling to do.

同样的道理，如果你请某人做你做不了或不想做的事



Then there needs to be fair exchange to compensate person for taking their time, their energy and even sometimes their own money

对方花了他们的时间、精力甚至金钱，给你带来你所求的信息



in bringing you the information that you have asked them to bring you

那你得补偿对方，这样才是公平交易



They are being of service to you, and in return

他们为你提供了服务，你给予相当的补偿



It is only fair to be of service to them by providing some form of equal compensation

这样你们才能做到公平交易、互惠互利



As Bashar states information is free.

如巴夏说的，信息是免费的



Everyone has the ability to instantly and freely access information throughout creation

每个人都能瞬间连接到造物主，自由获取信息



by generating the state of being that will attract the information that they seek.

需要做的就是调整自己到相应的振频，就能吸引所求信息



Let's be clear, information is free.

让我们再说清楚点，信息是免费的



Therefore, when people are charged to attend sessions or acquire recordings of Bashar information,

所以，当人们付费参加巴夏研讨会，或在官网购买巴夏录音视频



They are not paying for the information

他们不支付的，不是信息的费用



They're paying for the service that they're asking me and Bashar communications to provide in accessing the information for them.

而是我和我公司给他们带来信息的服务费



The public is essentially contracting us to do a job

客户其实是跟我们签订一份工作协议



And if we are willing to spend our time, energy, and our own money to do that job,

而如果我们愿意花时间、精力，甚至自己的钱，来做这份工作



there must be fair exchange

那收费是应该的，这样才公平



When someone suggests that Bashar communications ought to hold free sessions and give away free recordings,

当有人建议我们开办免费研讨会，提供免费录音



What they're actually saying is that they want us to spend our money to give them free gifts.

那他们实际上是说，他们希望花我们的钱，给他们免费礼物



If no one accept Bashar communications ends up paying for anything

如果大家都认为我们不该收费



They clearly that's not a fair exchange

那显然这不是一个公平交易



And would deplete Bashar communications' resources to the point of not being able to produce additional material

也会耗尽我们的资源，从而无法持续性提供信息