巴夏：青春期的烦躁 和 彩虹的寓意
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-26


问：

My 14 year old daughter is upset and irritated most of the time and she seems to be bothered about something. 

我14岁的女儿最近似乎被什么事情困扰着，她很烦躁也很热容易生气。 



What might account for this? 

是什么原因造成的呢？



巴夏：

Alright. Individuals in your society typically between the ages of 11 to 17 will be highly psychically connected to many different levels of spirituality. They can be very sensitive to it. 

好的！在你们社会中，通常介于11岁至17岁的少年，他们对灵性世界非常敏感，可以跟很多个不同层面的灵性世界都有着强烈的连接。



In a sense, the only reason she seems to be bothered is simply because the individual has not focused on who or what she really is yet. 

从某种意义上讲，你女儿受困扰的唯一原因，就是因为她还没关注在“她是谁？”或者“她是什么？”上面。



And in a sense, both physical and non-physical reality can seem to be annoying to her. 

因此，物质世界和非物质世界 看起来就像是给她带来了干扰，让她烦恼。



It is an extension of what you all typically think of as your "adolescent stage." 

这是对你们所认知的“青春期”的拓展（信息的补充）



It represents the timing of when you need to grow in awareness of the existence of other levels of spirituality that exist within you. 

意味着：你是时候该深入觉察自己内在的其他的灵性层面的意识了



问：

And about my son who is eight years old? 

那我八岁的儿子呢？



巴夏：

Alright. What about? 

他怎么了？



问：

Three years ago during his summer vacation he saw a big rainbow at that time. 

三年前的暑假，他看见了一个巨大彩虹。



He enjoyed it very much but after a while he started crying. 

他非常喜欢这个彩虹，但不久后他就开始哭了。



And he cried a lot and prayed to the rainbow for a very long time. 

他哭了好久，并且对着彩虹祈祷了很长时间。



And after that, he started talking about his higher life and we were very much astonished and excited about it. 

在这件事情之后，他便开始跟我们讲述他的更高意识的生活，对此，我们都非常非常惊讶和兴奋。



巴夏：

Alright. But you see, this is not uncommon for children at all. 

好的！但你要知道，这种情况，对于小孩子来说，并不罕见



Children have not forgotten as much as adults teach themselves to forget. 

大人学了太多，然后把自己给忘记了，而小孩子不像大人一样忘得那么多



It's very natural for a child to remember all the other connections that they have, especially the ones that are important to them in this life. 

对小孩子来说，记得他们所拥有的所有连接，这是很自然的事情，尤其是对他们这辈子非常重要的连接。



The rainbow was a symbol, representing this life being the last physical life necessary for that individual, the last physical life they will need. 

这个大彩虹是个象征物，寓意是：这是他体验物质世界的最后一世，以后就不再需要了。



Also, the idea of being born physically to assist in the transformation of this planet in very bold ways, as a writer, as a speaker and to assist many through great service in these and other ways. 

要知道，以肉身的方式，投身在这个物质世界，通过写作、演讲，或者其他方式，为很多人提供服务，帮助这个星球转化，这是非常勇敢的做法（非常勇敢的灵魂）。



问：

Yes, I understand. This child also seems to have intimacy with robots and computers, just like he has intimacy for animals. 

是的！我明白！我儿子也非常喜欢机器人和电脑，就像他非常喜欢动物一样。



巴夏：

Yes. There is no difference in the mind of a child. 

是的！小孩子的思想，没有不同的。



Differentiation is taught, not natural. 

不同是大人教的，不是自然成长的。