Everything Happens For A Reason
一切事物的出现都有一个动机-意图-目的


---（下文中，Q为互动提问者，B为巴夏）---
Q:  You were talking about blending polarities.
你刚才谈到关于极性的融合。

B:  Yes.
是的。

Q:  And I feel that I’ve experienced that in the physical, in the, well…
我感觉我已经在物质现实里经历过了，在那个...嗯....

B:  Yes, yes, yes.
是的，是的，是的。

Q:  Between myself and another person, as embodying two polarities, someone
who was in my immediate physical environment for quite some time. There was
a lot of tension, and also a strong attraction that, over that period of time, became less…
在我自己和另外一个人之间，具体表现出2个对立的极性，
在物质现实环境里，我们俩密切接触了有些时候了。
在那段时间里，带来很多紧张不安，但也有一个强烈的吸引，因为少了.....

B:  All right…
嗯...好的....

Q:  … and became more…
...并且变的更加.....

B:  Yes.
嗯。

Q:  … of a healed situation.
....属于一个积极健康和谐的局面。

B:  Yes.
嗯。

Q:  But that person is no longer in my immediate environment. Since that
time I’ve dreamt about that person, and thought about that person, and have
become more healed, I feel.

但那个人已不再和我密切接触了。打那以后，我梦见过那个人，
而且一想起那个人，我就觉得让我变得身心更加调和。

B:  Our perception is that this other individual represents a direct
counterpart energy to you – which means you both come from the same soul.
You follow me?

以我们的觉知和洞察，这个你说的某人，
代表着，对你的一个指引，一个与你匹配的能量--- 这意思是说，你们两个来自于同一灵魂。
你跟上我了吗？

Q:  Yes. And…
是的，那然后....

B:  You gave yourself, as a soul, the opportunity of interactions between
two of its fragmented counterparts, so that those counterparts could
explore the idea of the polarity between you, and integrate it. As you
integrated it, it became “healed,” and also, at the same time, unnecessary
for the continuance of that physiological proximity.

作为同一灵魂，你给了你自己....在这个，属于同一灵魂的---它的两个合配的片段部分之间，
相互影响和互动的良机，以至于那些合配的副本们，能够探查你内在中间的，带有对立极性的想法概念，
并融合它们。由于你融合了它，它就变得“健康和谐”，
因此也就在此同时，无须再继续那个物质生理上的亲近了。


Q:  I still feel there’s some kind of a longing feeling on my part.
在我看来，我依然觉得有那么一点渴望的感受。

B:  It does not have to be a longing; you are simply not believing that
there is still a connection, but there always is.
根本不必有渴望；你只是不相信，你们始终是关联在一起的，但事实上你们永远在一起。

Q:  Um… am I able to ask if there will be a physical contact again?
嗯.....我能问一下，我们俩，还会再次在物质现实里相遇吗？

B:  There will be a physical connection, but you will find that it most
likely will come through another physiological being. Now, when that
happens, you will not care – because it will feel exactly like the right
connection to make. And you will recognize the energy therein, that
represents the growth and the integration you have made.

会有一个物理上的连接关系，但你会发现，它更好像会来自于另一个生理存有。
现在，当那出现的时候，你不会在意的---因为它会让你感觉完全像是个恰当的关系。
使你满意的接触。并且你会认出其中的能量，那代表着成长以及你已经做到了一体融合。

Q:  So there will not be an interaction with that person again – in a physical way.
那，这意思，就是说不会再和那个人接触互动了---在一个物质现实的模式上。

B:  There may be. We find that it is, let us say, unlikely at this time, as
we perceive your energy. However, do recognize that should there be an
interaction “again,” you have changed. They will have changed; it is not
the same person, anyway – literally. You follow me?

也许会有吧。用我们对你能量的感知洞察，我们发现，它是，允许我们说，
不大像是在这个时期。尽管如此，去认清，你改变了，那就有一个再次互动的潜在。
他们也会被改变；它也不是同一个人，不管怎样---几乎就如此。
你跟上我了吗？

Q:  Yeah.
是呀....

B:  Relax. You will attract what you need to attract to reflect what you
are willing to recognize within yourself, as the degree of completeness
that you are. That individual may be now serving other individuals in
reflecting many of the similar ideas you share with them. Therefore, you
may allow more of an opportunity for another physical individual to – let
us say – fill the space you now occupy. You follow me?

放松点。你会吸引你所必须吸引的，来反射你所乐于去认清的，你内在自我是什么，
作为一个完整意义上的你所是的你。那个人也许现在正服务于其他个体们，正在和他们
反射着很多跟你分享过的类似的概念想法。所以，你也许更乐于给予其他物质生理个体
去获得一个良机---请允许我们说---来填满你现在占用的内心空间。你跟上我了吗？

Q:  Yes. I… I… I… I understand that in the future this situation is resolved already.
是的。
我.....我 .... 我  ...我明白那在将来，这个局面是早已被解决了的。

B:  It is resolved right now.
这是当下被解决的。

Q:  I guess I need to reconcile the idea that I know it’s resolved, with
the idea of the feeling that, no matter how close I get to feeling that
it’s resolved, it still feels like I get…
我猜想，我需要去排解这个想法，我明白它会被解决的，
和这个想法在一起的那感受，不管我把那个情感抓的有多么紧，它都会被解决的，
它依然让我觉得，好像我还抓着.....

B:  What, in your imagination, would be representative of a resolution?
在你的想象力里，什么将会作为一个解决的代表？

Q:  I guess it would…
我猜想，它也许.....

B:  Do not guess. What would represent, to you, a resolution?
别猜想。不要假设。对你来说什么代表一个解决？

Q:  A perfect communication.
一个完美的交流。

B:  All communications are perfect – for what they are. What is your
definition of the communication?
所有交流都是完美的---本来面目就如此。你对交流的定义是什么？

Q:  Both parties would understand the same idea.
两个人会懂得同一个想法，心有默契。

B:  Why is that necessary for perfect communication?
对于完美的交流，为什么你说的这个，是必须的？

Q:  I don’t know; I just feel that there’s some kind of a gap between…
我不知道；我就是觉得，在我们之间有那么一点嫌隙.....

B:  A difference there may be; a difference there always will be. There can
be a greater degree of synchronous harmony between you. But in this way,
recognize that unity comes from the granting of validity and equality to
the diversity between you. Letting them be who they are, and allowing
yourself to be who you are – totally and completely – will instill perfect
communication between you, in the sense that you mean it.
If you make it that they have to change in order to meet your definition of
perfect communication, then you are never going to be communicating with
them, but only with your idea of your expectation of what you think they
should become.

你们也许有那么一点意见分歧；一点意见分歧是始终会有的。但正因如此，以此去认清，
统一体， 来自于，对你们之间的多样性多样化，给予着，同等的平等的并且是正当的，有效的---承认和准许。
听任他们去做他们所是的他们，并且允许让你自己去做你所是的你
---完全的并且是完整的彻底的---会慢慢的浇灌在你们之间的完美的交流里，
在这个意义上来讲，你的意思就是这个。

如果你成功的这么做了，他们不得不改变，以便来接触你的关于完美交流的定义，
然后你就永远不用准备去和他们交流了，而仅仅只会和你的期待期望的念头交流
也即，和你的那些---“关于你所认为的，他们将会变成什么的”---那些期待期望的念头交流。

Q:  And that’s why I find thoughts of this person somehow disturbing.
那这正是之所以我发现，思念这个人，不知怎么的总让我不安烦扰。

B:  Yes. Let them be who they are; and recognize that every relationship
you have – no matter what the definition of that relationship – serves you.
Let it serve you for what it is – not what you think it should be, or
should have been. It is what it is for a reason; let it be so, and then you
will recognize you have never had anything but perfect communication. 
You follow me?

是的。让他们去做他们所是的他们自己吧；
并且去认清，你所拥有的每一个关联关系---不管对那个关系的定义是什么---都在服务着你。
就让它以它所是的那样服务于你---而不是你思想上认定它“应该是”的那样，
或者你思想上认定它“已经是”的那样。
它是它所是的，基于一个原因；让它就去是它那样，
于是之后你会认清，你从未曾拥有任何实体的真实的东西，只有完美的交流。
你跟上我了吗？


Q:  Yes.
是的。

B:  That, paradoxically, is when you allow them the greatest opportunity to
be back in touch with you. But do, once again, recognize, it will not be
the same person, because you are not the same. And you can only interact
with that which is on the same level as you – and vice versa.

“你从未曾拥有任何实体的真实的东西，只有完美的交流”........
这一点看似荒谬的，而当你允许它们，并承认它们存在时，
是最伟大的良机去让你回来面对你内在的自我，
让你接触你自己。只因为那么做了，
就再次的，让你认清，那已经不是同一个人，
因为你也不是同一个你。
而且你能够只与那个---和你处于同样层面上的---你，相互影响和互动---反之亦然。

Q:  You mean it may be the same body, but a different person?
你的意思是说，那可能是同一生理身体，但却是一个不同的人？

B:  Yes. A person is not who or what you actually are. Your personality,
that which you recognize as the person is, in a sense, an artificial
construct of the consciousness. When the consciousness changes the idea of
itself – whether the outside sign symbol remains looking the same or not -
it is not the same person; it is not the same idea. It presents itself in a different way.
Have you not had experiences with individuals, wherein you recognized they
had changed greatly, that they truly seemed to be a different personality?

是的。你并不“真实”的是“什么”或者是“谁”的一个人。
你的个性人格，那只是你识别成---是一个人而已，
在某种意义上，你的个性人格是【意识】的一个虚假结构。
当【意识】改变了它自身的想法概念时，
不管外在的符号象征的残留，样子看上去是否一样---它已经不是同一个人；它不是同一个想法概念。
它以一个多样的不同的方式路径模式，显现出它自身。
和个体们的接触上，你有没有这样的经验，你认出他们已经大大的改变了，
因而他们真的看上去具有一个不同的个性人格？


Q:  Yes.
有的。

B:  They are – literally – not the same person. They have changed the
/idea/ of themselves within their consciousness.
Now, you will find that there are civilizations wherein the changing of
that idea of the self will actually physically change the representational
body. It simply does not occur that way as much in your society. But it is
not the same body – regardless of what he or she looks like to you.
Recognize, therefore, that if you wish to see anything change in your
reality, change yourself. Then you will exist on the level that those
individuals – that that portion of those individuals – already exist upon
as well. That is what makes other individuals seem to have changed; it is
that you are now on a different level, and see the aspect of them that is
also on that same level. So it is a different personality, but still a part
of the same whole soul, so you will always “recognize” them as the same
“person,” so to speak. You follow me?

他们完全不是同一个人了。在他们的【意识】内的，他们自身的想法概念观念都已经改变了。
现在，你会发现文明体系中的，“自我”的那个观念变化，会事实上物理改变身体的具体表象。
在你们的社会里，以这方式，它只是还没呈现出那么大程度。
但它不是同一个身体，你也不是同一个身体---不管他或者她看上去是否像你。

认清，如果你希望在你的现实里，看到任何改变，那么改变你自己。
那么随之你会存在于那个层面上，
也即，那些个体们---属于那些个体们的那一部分，也早已存在的----那个层面上。
这就是之所以产生其他个体们，看上去已经改变的原因；这是因为你现在改变到了一个不同的层面上，
于是看到---属于他们的，也同样在这一层面上的---方面和样子。所以就会有一个不同的个性人格，
但依然始终是同一个完整一体灵魂的一部分，所以你会始终“认出”他们，可以说，如同是同一个“人”。
你跟上我了吗？

Q:  I think so. I’m a hundred percent sure.
我想是的。我百分之百肯定。

B:  Oh, all right.
哦，那太好了。

Q:  Uh, it could be this particular body, or a different body, that I will
come in contact with?
恩，那它会是这个特定的具体的身体，或者一个不同的身体，我会与之接触到的吗？

B:  Yes. In any event, it will not matter who or what it is, because it all
will be different anyway.
是的。在任何情况下，不管它是谁，或者它是什么都无所谓，因为无论如何这一切都会变的不同。

Q:  Right.
是了。

B:  Whatever you change – the only things that can interact with you are
those that are representative of the level that you have changed to.
Whether it presents itself in the same body or not, makes no difference; 
itis not the same.

无论你变化转换成什么---唯一能够与你相互影响相互合作的互动的那些东西，
是那些代表着---你已变换，所进入的“那个层面”里的那些东西。
不管它是否在同一身体里，显现它自身，都没任何区别；这根本不是同一个了。

Q:  So that’s a question that I should just let go of, because it’s irrelevant.
所以那就是我单纯的只需释放，放下的问题，因为它根本就是不相干的。

B:  It is not irrelevant. But it may not apply to the reality you are becoming, it's not the same thing.

它不是不相干的。
只是因为那个身体，可能并不适用于，你正在变成的那个现实实相，这不是同一事物。

Q:  I can’t know why it doesn’t make any difference who it is.
我弄不明白了，为何这身体，不弄出点区别来区分“它是谁”。

B:  All the differences, in the sense that you mean it, are determined by
you thinking that there /is/ a difference. You apply – once again – the
meaning to the neutral symbol. The meaning you give it defines the
difference that you perceive. When you allow yourself to recognize
everything is for a reason, then you will allow yourself to recognize that
anything else that occurs in your life is also for a reason, and does not
have to appear to be exclusive of anything else that has ever happened -
but can be inclusive. You do follow me?

所有全部差别，在某种程度上，你所认为的差别，
它的意思，是通过你的想法认定“那是一个差别”而决定的。
你申请和应用涂抹---再说一遍---针对那个中性的象征符号，申请和应用想法和涵义上的涂抹。
你所给予它的，给予这个中性的象征符号的想法和涵义，定义了这个“差别”的概念，并让你感知到。
当你允许你自己去认清并确信，所有每一事物都有一个动机，
于是你会允许你自己去认清并承认，
发生以及呈现在你的生命中的任何其他事物，也都有一个动机，
而且无须把那些，看来似乎总是碰巧偶然发生的事物排除在任何别的事情之外，
把它们看成似乎是孤立的显现。

一切只能包含在内。

你跟上我了吗？

Q:  Yes.
是的。

B:  Does that assist you?
这对你有帮助吗？

Q:  Yes, it does.
是的，有帮助。

B:  Thank you very much.
非常感谢你。

Q:  I have… can I ask one other question?
我还有....我能问另外一个问题嘛？

B:  Yes.
好的。

Q:  It’s concerning… I feel tired most of the time.
忧虑不安....我大多数时间，感觉疲惫，厌倦，烦闷。

B:  That is only because you are fighting your own ecstasy. It is very
tiring to fight the happiness that you know you deserve.

这只是因为你正在对抗你自身的欣喜若狂，和你自身的“热情”打架。
你的内在，知晓着，快乐愉悦是你应得的，和你的快乐愉悦本质去对抗，是非常容易让人疲乏的。

Q:  Is there any way that I could… that you could assist me in knowing…I try to relax. I tell myself to…
有办法让我能....你也许能帮助我去领悟去明白......我努力去放松。 我告诉我自己去......

B:  Try to relax! No wonder you are tired! Trying is not relaxing; trying
is tiring. So if you have been trying, instead of relaxing, it is not
surprising you are tired. For trying is tiring. Unless, of course, that is
what excites you in life – is to do /trying/. Then you will not tire of
trying. However! All you need to do is recognize what are the things that do relax
you; what are the things you do enjoy; what are the things that excite you.
Then do them – trusting that doing them will still bring the support you
need, in whatever way, shape or form you
need it. Trust. Trust, trust, trust. Trust. All right?

【努力】去放松？？？ 难怪你会疲惫！ ！
【努力】根本没在放松；努力就是疲惫。
所以如果你一直在【努力】，不如代之以---直接去放松，
你疲惫不堪根本不奇怪。因为【努力】就是疲惫不堪。
当然，除非这就是在你生命中所让你兴奋的---就是去体验【努力】。
那么你根本不会因【努力】而疲惫不堪，厌倦烦闷。

不管怎么样！你所必须做的全部，就是认清，究竟是什么事物能让你放松；
有什么事情让你做起来是享受是热爱；是什么事物让你兴奋欣喜。
然后去做那些事 --- 坚信你做那些事情所需要的，都始终会给予支持，
只要你做那些事情所需要的，无论如何都会以任何方式，形式或者模式，给予你支持。
相信它，坚信它，信赖它，信任它！ 好吗？

Q:  All right.
好的。

B:  Thank you.
谢谢你。

————————————————————————————————————
版权所有：Bashar Channeled by Darryl Anka  巴夏 经由 达里尔安卡 传送  
原文出处：http://robertjrgraham.com
翻译整理：冷静投机（欢迎指正翻译错误）



分享：
10

喜欢

0

赠金笔赠金笔

阅读(1645)┊ 收藏(2) ┊转载(13) ┊ 喜欢▼ ┊打印┊举报/Report
前一篇：巴夏Bashar:【秘密】
后一篇：巴夏 Bashar: 关于【恐惧】

新浪BLOG意见反馈留言板　电话：4000520066 提示音后按1键（按当地市话标准计费）　欢迎批评指正