巴夏：反映焦虑和皮肤疾病的狗
Jade C 无限宇宙之爱 2017-08-16




巴夏：反映焦虑和皮肤疾病的狗/ A Dog Who Mirrors Anxiety and Skin Disorders



翻译：Jade C



（注：问=提问人、B=巴夏）



问：我有个问题。我有一只小狗，她被剧烈的皮肤瘙痒所折磨。



B：是。



问：所以我试了药用洗发精、跳蚤洗发精和各种东西，但看起来好像变得更糟了。所以现在我在试润肤剂和…



B：这只动物是否有和你以外的人互动呢？



问：没有，只是我。



B：你是不是焦急于某件事？



问：哦，对！



B：那就放轻松，这样你的动物就不需要再去体现你生活中的那些不愉快，不会皮痒、也不会再有无法忍受的痛苦折磨。要了解，你的动物是在反映出你，而且很多时候它们会自己承担下你的焦虑，这样你就不必去体验这些身体不适。



问：是。



B：放轻松，活在当下，安住此刻，这就是加速得到你生命中所有渴望的一切之方式。



问：我有在做，虽然我有…



B：好。与这动物说说话，反映出你理解它为了你提供这些服务，而现在你愿意承担起责任，因为你知道你能够了解该信息背后的原因，而不需要让它以负面的方式显现在你的身体上。那么它不再需要为你承担这些，因为你会担负起责任并且处理它。它只需要在那里给你提醒：你的能量因为焦虑、担忧、紧张而外泄了。它会用简单的方式表现出焦虑不安的样子来示范给你看。



皮肤通常代表了这个概念：你们许多人认为你的皮肤是内我和外在自我之间的阻碍、外在与内在世界之间的隔膜。因此，你在生活中创造的许多批评指责，因你想像这是外部世界停止的地方，也是内部世界停止的地方--而边界处你称它为皮肤--那些'批评指责'将皮肤化为战场，而引发出受苦、爆发长疹和擦痛发炎的概念。



当你将外在与内在融合为一，您就不知何处是始、哪里为终，你便不再执念于那层膜，还以为你需要它来过滤、来保护从外部世界来的东西，或是害怕内在的东西越过到外在世界去。



问：谢谢



B：谢谢分享！





A Dog Who Mirrors Anxiety and Skin Disorders 



Q: I have a question. I have a little dog, and she's afflicted with this severe skin itching.



B: Yes. 



Q: And so I tried medicated shampoos and flea shampoos and all that stuff, and that even seemed to make it worse. So now I'm trying emollients and…



B: Is this animal interacting with another human besides yourself?



Q: No, just me.



B: Are you anxious to be on about something?



Q: Oh, yes.



B:  Then relax, and your animal will not have to represent the rashness in your life. It will not be itching; it will not be impatient. Understand that your animals are reflections, and many times will take upon themselves the manifestations of your anxieties so that you do not have to experience them physically.



Q: Yes.



B: Relax. Live now. Be in the moment, and that is the way to accelerate all that you desire into your life.



Q: I'm doing that, although I'm having…

	

B: All right. Speak with the animal and reflect the idea that you understand the service that is being provided by that animal, and that you are now willing to take responsibility, for you know you can manifest an understanding of the reasons behind that message without having to manifest it in negative ways in your own body. So the animal does not have to take it on for you, because you will take responsibility and handle it. It is only there to remind you that you have energy that you may be in a sense spilling over because of anxiety, anxiousness, nervousness. And it will simply exemplify itself in that animal as an agitated state.



The skin generally represents the idea that many of you consider your skin to be the barrier between your inner and outer selves, the membrane of the external world from the internal world. And therefore, many of the judgments that you create in your lives, because you imagine that this is where the external world stops, and this is where the internal world stops -- on the borderline you call your skin -- those judgments will turn the skin into a battle area, and cause there to be the idea of inflictions and eruptions and chafing.



When you blend the external and the internal into one idea, then you will not know where one begins and the other ends. You will not focus on that thin membrane that you think you need as a filter, as a protectant, from the outside world -- or that you fear to let something inside of you pass beyond to the outside world.



Q: Thank you.



B: Thank you. Sharing!