巴夏：猫在学习面对恐惧中的角色
Jade C 无限宇宙之爱 2017-08-25
图片

图片

巴夏：猫在学习面对恐惧中的角色/ A Cat's Role in Learning to Face Fears



翻译：Jade C



（注：问=提问人、B=巴夏）



问：我有个状况又再一次发生了。



B：没有什么是再次发生的。



问：但感觉就像是又再次发生了。



B：好的。



问：你也知道六个月前我上一只猫的状况--「卢」得到猫瘟死了--那时我和你讨论过整个状况。



B：是的。



问：我新养了一只猫，我养她的时间和上一只差不多，然后又发生了同样的状况：和上一只一样我带她去兽医，也和之前一样打了针，接着那天晚上她就像上只猫一样癫痫发作加呕吐。她住院住了两天，现在已经回家了，但是他们认为她得了猫瘟。我想知道为什么会发生这种状况？我要怎么做才能帮助她让她好转？



B：谢谢。首要的，去认知这件事所代表的整体意义--记住，猫象征转化：由第三转变到第四密度、物质到非物质实象--这新奇的动物代表着你对进入第四密度的这个新旅程，这个概念对你来说是陌生的。



它同时也代表着你对全然扩展自己到这个领域的许多恐惧。你一点一点地慢慢进行，但你同时也使自己吸引来了一个象征--当它确实代表那层次时--一个“感知或显现关于进行转变的疾病”的象征。还跟得上吗？



问：嗯



B：现在，在你们所谓的能量感知中，你越早愿意进入自我的内心并面对自己，去面对自己所有可能的恐惧，然后向前走、积极去做你想做的事，就越不需要吸引那象征：因你对陌生状况而反映出的那恐惧、那疾病。



你会发现，它正值青春盛年却来往生，这件事的概念可作为一个例证，它反映出同程度的流动断阻、你内心的流动，你可能正在做它--这是基于缺乏意愿或害怕前进，因为它代表了恐惧的想法，你可以意识到它也呈现了其他的旧有转变符号，较旧的二元对立符号，因为它们也怕它。理解吗？



问：嗯。



B：它们似乎害怕它，它直接反射出你的旧有思维方式，认为旧式思维就得害怕新的，而你对这些想法感到非常不自在，感觉无法存在下去，也无法与这些新想法共存，而必须以负面方式飞快地火急加速以突破这些想法。



猫瘟是由“能够导致系统故障的旧有残留习性”直接反射来的，因为你认为你必须用负面方式来瓦解这些体制，才能再以正向方式来整合它们。



但事情不一定得这样。你可以跟这动物传达你愿意承担自己不愿面对的（所有各个部分的）意识，并让自己与该动物沟通。再一次，允许这情况进到你的整体意识，并认知这并不是阻碍你动能的障碍，而是其中的一部分，它能够被融入整合，它只是一个表征，说明了你害怕万一某些特定的想法混入的话会阻断掉你。



问：嗯



B：了解吗？



问：嗯



B：那是永远不会发生的。合并只是在整合，而整合只会让你以一种正面的方式进行扩展，所以根本没必要再进一步吸引那些代表着不愿接受内在新方式的任何象征，那些你确信是真实的新想法，去经历它们、去表达它们-像那动物那般全然地展现自己，信任你的天性、依你的自然本性去做。



现在，如果你愿意，每天做三次这个会有帮助，将它浸泡在“用你的蓝白光电磁场激活过的”净水当中，泡的同时要与那动物进行冥想沟通。并添加一些我们有讨论过的、你们称之为尤加利树的，并让香气和整体氛围混融于水中--浸入其中，以晶化身体细胞结构--你就是生命存有这心念的细胞结构的一个结晶。



与这动物的沟通过程中，你可以允许一些协助介入，一些内在吸收到的信息，将使动物不再需要扮演堵塞、不再需要代表你觉得让你消极的阻断想法。理解吗？



问：刚你说“面对你的恐惧”，你的意思是指意识到你有这些恐惧并知道它们是什么吗？



B：是。诚实且敞开的与自己对话，并认知，你发现的那些你称为恐惧的东西，它会在那里都有一个正向的原因。透过了解原因来整合它，能使你成长、吸收并容纳得下任何东西。



问：只需意识到你有它们？



B：对。透过有意愿地去接纳它们带来的信息。要明白，信息以让你害怕的方式来到你面前的理由只有一个，因为你被教导了若它们细微到不易察觉就毋需去理会。



所以，当你忽视它们、忽视它们、又忽视它们、再忽视它们，那么，将恐惧传达给你的信差--那个能量、那个将信息传递给你的那部分意识--就必须变得吵噪，它们得大声嚷嚷、把你震醒，好让你注意到你给自己的信息。



一旦你愿意聆听，它们就会越来越安静，恐惧会越来越少，渐渐回到原本细微的方式，因为你现在已经愿意去注意了。这单单是因为在你们的社会中，你被教导成去忽略细微的东西，只关注那些会大吵大闹的东西。



问：嗯！假设你察觉你有恐惧，但你不知道恐惧的根源是什么呢？



B：再说一次，如果你愿意敞开心胸、跟自己诚实沟通的话，你随时可以联系的上。进入放松状态，去探索、允许你的想像力自由奔放，你就能永远保有你所需要的任何层次的联结。总是如此。你有这个能力，而且总是如此。你懂了吗？



Q：哦，是的，我懂。嗯。



B：谢谢！



（译者注：真的要用心珍惜我们的动物们<3）





A Cat's Role in Learning to Face Fears 



Q:  I have a situation that has reoccurred.



B:  Nothing has reoccurred.



Q:  Well, it feels like it's reoccurred. 



B:  All right.



Q:  You know about my situation with the cat that I had six months ago – Lew, who got distemper and died -- and I had that whole discussion with you. 



B:  Yes.



Q:  Well, I just got another cat, and I've had her for the same exact amount of time. I went through the same circumstances: I took her to the vet just like the last one; she got a shot just like the last one. Later that night she started having seizures and vomiting just like the last one. She was in the hospital for two days. She's home, but they think she does have distemper. And I was wondering why this is happening, and also what I can do to help her get better.



B:  Thank you. Recognize, first and foremost, that the idea being presented in an overall sense -- remembering that the symbolic idea of the cat is the transitional symbol of third to fourth density, a physical to non-physical reality symbol – is that the newness of the animal represents the newness of your excursion into fourth density, the belief that it is new for you. 



It also represents many of the ideas of the fears you have about extending yourself completely into that realm. You are doing it a bit at a time, but you are also giving yourself, attracting to yourself a symbol -- while it does represent that level -- a symbol that feels or exhibits the idea of disease with regard to making that transition. You follow me?



Q:  Mhmm.

	

B:  Now, in what you might term an energy sense, the sooner you are willing to take within yourself, and face within yourself, all the ideas of what you may be fearing and then moving ahead, doing the things that represent what you know you wish to do actively, the less need there will be to attract the symbol that reflects that fear, that disease, with what you feel to be a very new situation. 



You are finding that the idea of the youth, cut off in its prime, can be an exemplification and a reflection of the same degree of the cutting off of the circulation, your circulation within yourself, that you may be doing -- based on lack of willingness or fear to move ahead. You follow me so far? Because, as it represents the idea of fear, then you can recognize the idea that it has been presenting also to other older symbols of transformation, older symbols of polarity, in that they also fear it. You follow me?



Q:  Mhmm.

	

B:  As they seem to fear it, it is a direct reflection of the idea of your old ways of thinking, thinking that the old ways of thinking need to fear the new ways, and that you cannot be comfortable with these ideas. That you cannot exist, you cannot co-exist with these new ideas, and that you must give yourself a very rapid, rapid acceleration in negative ways in order to break through these ideas. 



The idea of the distemper is a direct reflection of old remnant habits that can cause breakdowns of systems, because you feel that those systems must break down in a negative way before you will allow them to integrate in a positive way.

	

This is not necessarily so. You can begin to communicate to the animal your willingness to take upon yourself all the different portions of your consciousness you have not been willing to face, and allow yourself to communicate with that animal. And once again, allow the situation into the overall idea you are, and recognize it is not representative of a block or an interruption in your momentum. But it is part of the idea, and can be incorporated. It is only a representation that you fear that incorporating certain ideas within, can cut you off.

	

Q:  Mhmm.

	

B:  You follow me?



Q:  Mhmm.

	

B:  That will never happen. Incorporation is only integrative, and integration will only allow you to expand in a positive way. So there is no need to attract any further symbols to represent the idea of not being willing to take within yourself the new ways, the new ideas that you believe are true for you. Live them; express them -- as fully as the animal expresses itself. Rely upon your nature; rely upon your nature.

	

Now you can, if you wish, three times a day to be of assistance, at the same time you are in meditative communication with the animal, immerse the animal in purified water that you have energized with your own blue-white electromagnetic field. And add some ideas that you would call the eucalyptus we have discussed sometimes, and allow there to be the blending of the fragrance and the blending of the whole atmosphere in the water -- the immersion in it -- so as to be a crystallization of the cellular structure of the body -- a crystallization of the cellular structure of the idea that you are being.



And in your communication with the animal you may allow there to be of some assistance the absorption of some of this information within you that will allow the animal to no longer need to represent the blockages, no longer need to represent the breakdowns that you think the ideas will cause you negatively. You follow me?

	

Q:  When you say face your fears, do you mean recognize that you have them and what they are?

	

B:  Yes. It is honest and open communication with yourself, and recognizing that anything you discover about yourself that you may call a fear is something that is there for a positive reason. Integrating it within by allowing yourself to understand why it is there will allow you to become a larger person that can absorb and contain anything.

	

Q:  Just by recognizing that you have them?

	

B:  Yes. By being willing to accept the messages that they bring. Understand that the only reason that messages are coming to you in fearful ways in general is because you have been taught to not pay attention to them when they come to you subtly. 



So when you ignore them, and ignore them and ignore them and ignore them, then the messenger that delivered these fears to you -- the energies, the portions of your consciousness that delivered the messages to you -- have to become noisy. They have to make a racket. They have to shake you up to get you to pay attention to the message you are delivering to yourself.

	

As soon as you are willing to listen, then they become less and less noisy, less and less fearful, and go back to being more and more subtle, because you are now willing to pay attention. This is only because in your society you have been taught to ignore the subtle things, and only pay attention to those things which make a lot of racket.

	

Q:  Uh huh! Let's say you sense that you have fear, but you don't know what the roots of the fear are.

	

B:  You can always get in touch with it if, once again, you are very willing to be open and honest with yourself in your communication. Go into a relaxed state and explore the idea by allowing your imagination free reign. You will always be able to get in touch with it on whatever level you need to. Always. You have that capability. Always. Do you follow me?

	

Q:  Oh, yes, I do. Mhmm.

	

B:  Thank you!