巴夏：动物转世
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-06-25
图片



图片

2017年美国7.7分喜剧片《一条狗的使命》BD国英双语中英双字迅雷下载_电影天堂

http://www.dy2018.com/i/97940.html




◎简　　介

　　影片以汪星人的视角展现狗狗和人类的微妙情感，一只狗狗陪伴小主人长大成人，甚至为他追到了女朋友，后来它年迈死去又转世投胎变成其他性别和类型的汪，第二次轮回狗狗变成了警犬威风凛凛，再次转轮回，又成了陪伴一位单身女青年的小柯基犬。在经历了多次轮回之后，最终回到最初的主人身边。 




Animal Reincarnation 

动物转世



Q:  You’ve talked about animals being guides – could you talk about in what sense they are guides?

问:你说过动物是向导——你能说说它们是向导这是什么意思?



B:  They are willing reflections of all the ideas you are exemplifying within your different strata of consciousness upon your planet. They are reflections of how you see yourself. Understand, for example, animals on your planet are territorial because you are. Do you follow me?

B:他们愿意反映在你们的星球上不同层次的意识中你们所范例的所有想法。它们反映了你如何看待你自己。例如，你们星球上的动物都是地盘性的，因为你们也是。你明白吗?



Q:  Yes.

问：恩



B:  They are always willing to act as a mirror for your emotionality. Always with unconditional love and support for whatever you are willing to do. They will die for you.

B:他们总是愿意作为你情绪的一面镜子。永远无条件地爱着你和支持你做任何你想要做的事情。他们会为你而死。 



Q:  Is this true of insects as well as other animals?

问:昆虫和其它动物也是一样的吗?



B:  Yes. It is true of plants, minerals, everything. You and the life forms you call cetacean, whale and dolphin, are the only two groups upon your planet that are karmically reincarnated. All other life forms on your planet are simply reincarnated, and exist in any life within conscious knowingness, not within any idea of the process of analyzation or thought or judgment or separation. 

B:是的。植物，矿物，一切都是如此。你们和你们所称的鲸类、鲸鱼和海豚的生命形式，是地球上仅有的两个因果业力地转世的群体。在你们星球上的所有其它的生命形式都只是单单地转世，并且在其它任何生命中都存在有有意识的知晓，而不是在任何分析、思考、判断或分离的过程中。



And to a great degree, the dolphins and the whales have not really chosen to experience very much of this separation either.

在很大程度上，海豚和鲸鱼都没有真正选择去体验这种特别的分离。 



Q:  Could you clarify how animals are reincarnated, as you have referred to?

问:你能解释一下你所提到的动物是怎样转世的吗?



B:  Simply in the manner that you are reincarnated physically, it is simply that they do not do it out of a sense of karma. They do it out of a sense of the idea of attachment, of being a reflection, a loving reflection, of whatever you need them to be here for. 

B:不过跟你们一样都是肉体上的转世形式，只不过他们并不是出于业力的感觉而转世。他们这样做是出于对依恋的感觉，出于作为一种反射，一种充满爱意的反射，出于无论你需要他们在哪里的需求感。



Q:  Do their individual consciousnesses then reincarnate much as ours do, only without this idea of karma?

问:它们的个体意识是否像我们一样转世，只是没有业力?



B:  To some degree, yes, but it is more connected, in the sense that they see themselves not only as individuals, but primarily as a series of relationships to every other being in their reality. They see themselves as relationships to other things, more than as an individual. 

在某种程度上，是的，但是它有更多的连接，在某种意义上，他们认为自己不仅是个体，而且主要是作为在它们的现实中与任何其它存有的一系列的关系。他们把自己看成是与他人的关系，不只是作为一个个体。



Q:  What about pets, especially pet dogs and cats? Are they not more individualistic than other kinds of animals?

问:那么宠物呢，尤其是宠物狗和猫，会是怎么样的? 它们是不是比其它动物更具有个人主义?



B: They take on and reflect the individuality of those they are reflecting. They themselves are not intrinsically more individualized. They are perfect mirrors reflecting the individuals around whom they congregate. 

B:它们表现和反映出那些它们所反射的个性。它们本身内在并不是更个性化的。它们是完美的镜子，反映出它们周围集合在一起的人。



Q:  How do pets feel about their bodies once their consciousness leaves – once they die? Does it matter what we do with their bodies?

当它们的意识离开的时候，它们死后，宠物对它们的身体有什么感觉吗?我们处理它们的遗体这重要吗?



B:  No.

B:不重要。



Q:  Well, we have such a tradition with humans.

问:嗯，我们人类有这样的传统。



B:  All right, but allow me to remind you that when you leave you physical body you will not care either. 

B:好吧，但请允许我提醒你，当你离开你的身体时，你也不会在乎。



Q:  I thought not. So, why have a funeral?

问:我想也是。那么，为什么要举行葬礼呢?



B:  You can have whatever you wish. ( Audience laughter)

B:你想要什么都可以。(观众笑)



Q:  (Laughing) Okay. Well, I’ve been wondering about how we have this tradition, and a lot of times these traditions do mean something more than just a tradition. 

问:(笑着说)好。嗯，我一直在想，我们是如何拥有这个传统的，很多时候，这些传统不仅仅意味着一种传统。





B:  You may always implant symbolic interpretation into any tool or ritual. It will be viewed quite differently from your non-physical perspective. 

B:你可能总是把象征性地解释移植到任何工具或仪式上。从你们的非物理角度来看，这将是完全不同的。



Q:  Right.

问:对的。



B:  It will not be judged, it will simply be viewed differently. 

B:它不会被评判，它只会被不同地角度所看待。



Q:  Aren’t rituals very much for the people who are remaining alive?

问:对于活着的人来说，仪式不是很重要的吗?



B:  Yes. 

B:重要的。



Q:  That’s what I thought, okay. Thank you.

问:我就是这么想的。谢谢你！



B:   Thank you.

B:谢谢。