巴夏：动物图腾
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-28 22:52




问：如果灵性动物愿意和我们说话，它们会给人类线索吗？

Do spirit animals give humans clues if they would like to speak to us?



例如，如果你开始看到蜘蛛在你的房子的各个地方出现，

For instance, if you begin to see spiders in various areas of your house,



这是蜘蛛想和你分享什么东西的讯号吗？

Is that a message that spiders want to share something with you?



还有当我们与动物进行灵性交流时，

Also when we speak with animals spiritually,



我们是与物种的灵性图腾还是个体的灵性图腾交流？

Are we speaking to the totem spirit of the a species or an individual?





巴夏：所有这些都取决于信息的意图、交流的形式以及是否需要传递某些信息，

All of this depends on the intention of the message and the form of the communication and the need to transmit certain information,



所以它可以是动物灵性图腾能量的代表，

So it can be a representation of a totem energy of that animal spiritually,



它可以是一个单独的对话。

It can be an individual conversation.



某种动物一遍又一遍地出现并不一定意味着那种动物想和你交流，

It's not necessarily true that a certain kind of animal showing up over and over again necessarily means that that particular type of animal wants to communicate with you,



它可能象征性地代表了人类意识中发生的某些事情，与那些特定种类的动物有关，

It could be representative symbolically of certain things going on in the consciousness of the human in relation to those particular kinds of animals,



所以人类得在自己的内在做好足够的调查来弄清楚为什么会注意到某种联系或者来自某种动物意识的交流。

So the human has to be investigative enough within the self to understand what the reason might be for noticing some form of connection or communication from some form of animal consciousness.



你得在你的内在搞清楚为什么会这样发生，

You have to be clear within yourself about why this is happening,



所以它可能代表了你所面临的问题。

So it might be representative of an issue that you're facing.



它可能是来自图腾动物的一种清晰的交流，

It might be representative of a clear communication from a totem animal,



它可能代表了你尚未考虑的与个体动物的交流，

It might be representative of communication to an individual idea that you have yet to consider,



它可以是很多不同的东西。

It could be many different things.



所以，内心要搞清楚为什么会发生这种情况，如果它与你在生活中可能面临的问题和你可能经历的挑战有关，那分辨出这种形式交流是什么意思还是有必要的。

So clarity within the self about why this is happening as it relates to the issues you may be facing in your life the challenges you may be going through is necessary to discern what that form of communication might be all about.





问：如果你想到某种动物，特别是当你遇到它的时候，

Is that also something where if you think about the animal especially if you encounter it,



你和它的意识产生共鸣，

And you go into that resonance with its consciousness,



看看它能给你什么样的信息，

And see what kind of information it gives you,



因为你收到的任何东西都有一定的相关性。

Because whatever you receive will be relevant in some way.



因为它是你的高我通过动物传达给你的，对吧？

Because it's coming through the animal and through your higher self, right?





巴夏：是的，但也有可能不是动物想要给你一个特别的信息，

Well, yes. but again it could simply be not so much that the animal intends a particular message for you,



而是你同步性地吸引了一些代表了或者在频率上与你需要关注的想法或问题共振的东西，

But that synchronistically you have attracted something that represents in resonance in frequency a certain idea or issue that you need to look at,



换句话说，你可能召唤了某种动物，它更愿意向你反映一些东西，

In other words, you could be calling forth a particular animal that is more than willing to reflect something to you,



并不是说它们最初或一开始就有向你传达信息的意图。

Not that they necessarily originally or initially had an intention of communicating a message to you.





问：对。

Right.



所以你在显化它，然后你有能力调谐到那个意识，

So you're manifesting that and then you have the ability to tune into that consciousness,



通过它们特别的视角看看给你反映的是什么。

And see what is reflected back to you by their particular viewpoint of reality.





巴夏：是的，或者调谐到你自己的意识中去理解那个特定的动物对你来说象征着什么。

Yes, or tuning into your own consciousness to understand what that particular animal symbolizes for you.





问：对，有很多。

Right, so it can be so rich.





巴夏：嗯。

Yes.

