巴夏：马的象征
25.12.3
马作为一种原型符号，象征了一种新的道路、新的方式、更大的服务、更大的。

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2025年11月22日

问：关于童年想象中的朋友，从这个角度来看，我们可以从他们身上学到什么，你对朋友有什么样的想象，它是个动物还是个人。就像这个人说的，有一个想象中的朋友是一条龙，我们可以从童年对想象中朋友的描述中学到什么。

And about imaginary friends in childhood what are some of the things we can learn from them from this perspective of what kind of imagery do you have of the friend is it an animal is it a person.Like this person was saying there's imaginary friend was a dragon and what can we learn from looking at our childhood representations of imaginary friends.

巴夏：好的，假设这不是一些相对罕见的心理偏差的结果，那么很多孩子在出生后很长一段时间内都有能力与灵魂互动。这是一种自然的状态，一种天赋，一种天生的能力。有时候，灵魂和其他类型的实体会以某种对孩子具有象征意义的方式来展现自己。

All right well assuming that it isn't the result of some psychological deviation which is relatively rare a lot of children do have the capacity to interact with spirits for quite some time after they are born.It's a natural state it's a natural gift it's a natural ability.And sometimes spirits and other kinds of entities will represent themselves in certain ways that are symbolically relevant for the child.


因此，正如我们在本次对话中最初所说的那样，你们必须再次考虑这个符号所象征的含义。所以，许多孩子正在与元素精灵或灵魂形态或沿着这个方向的东西互动，这些东西可能以对孩子来说很重要的方式展现自己，或者象征孩子的能量，或者象征了孩子作为灵魂在人生道路上所做的一些事情。


And therefore you have to take into account again like we said originally in this conversation the idea of what the symbol represents.So,many children are interacting with either elementals or spirit forms or something along that line that may represent themselves in certain ways that are important for the child or representative of the child's energy or representative of some of the things that the child has laid out as a soul on its life path.

因此，许多成年人可以通过理解孩子想象中的朋友的象征性表现，在一定程度上了解孩子在人生道路上为自己建立的灵魂可能拥有什么。

So，many adults can learn to some degree what the child May have as a soul set up for itself in its life path by understanding the symbolic representation of the child's imaginary friend.

问：马的心理学意义是什么？为什么人们会被它们吸引来疗愈？

And what is the psychological significance of horses? why are people drawn to them for healing?

巴夏：当然，你必须根据具体情况来逐个处理。人们出于不同的原因和不同的事情以不同的方式被动物吸引。马作为一种原型符号，象征了一种新的道路、新的方式、更大的服务、更大的。

Well,of course you have to take that on a case by case basis. people are drawn to animals in different ways for different reasons and different things.The horse in general as an archetypal symbol represents a kind of new path,a new way,greater of service,greater.



然后是狗的想法，狗的想法和马的想法之间有连接。在许多情况下，一条狗的灵魂转世后可以变成马的灵魂，一匹马的灵魂也可以变成狗的灵魂。某些动物可以这样交换，就像人类和海豚交换一样你可以变成一条海豚，你可以变成一个人。同样的灵魂，充满能量地，充满振动地。

Then the idea of the dog,there is a connection between the idea of the dog and the horse.And in many cases reincarnationally a dog's soul can become a horse's soul,a horse's soul can become a dog's soul.Certain animals can exchange that way in much the same way that a human and a dolphin can exchange。you can become a dolphin，you can become a human.Same kind of soul energetically,vibrationally.


所以马和狗有类似的灵魂振动。它们可以像一条狗、一匹马一样以不同的肉体方式表示自己。 所以，这是为了服务他人，但从某种意义上说，它比狗能够做到的更快、更远地载着你。因此，以更快的方式引领你更快地找到自己，这可能会导致，或者至少带来更快治愈、更快集中注意力的机会。骑马，从某种意义上说，骑在能让你度过难关的东西上。

So horses and dogs similar kinds of soul vibrations.They can express themselves in different ways physically as a dog,as a horse. So, it's about being of service, but in a greater way, carrying you faster and farther, in a sense, than a dog can.And therefore, leading you to yourself more quickly, in a more accelerated way, that can cause, or at least bring about the opportunity for faster healing, faster centering.Riding, in a sense, on something that carries you through. 


问：所以，在我们的文化中，很多时候，当女孩进入青少年时期时，她们会产生一种强烈的冲动，想要花时间和马在一起，或者说这几乎是一种原型的连接。

So, in our culture, a lot of times, when girls get into their teenage years, they develop a strong urge to spend time with horses, or that it's almost an archetypal connection.

巴夏：是的这有，在某种程度上，这也与成熟的想法有关。所以，你可以看到，一个人可以从动物的反射中得到很多东西。它可以是生理上的，可以是心灵上的，也可以是两者的结合。

Yes, it has, to some degree, to do with the idea, also, of maturation. So, you can see that there are many things that a person can get out of the reflection that the animal gives off.It can be physiological, it can be spiritual, it can be a combination of the two.


