巴夏：树木的银河功能
2025.1.25
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee





问：

Good morning, Bashar.

早上好，巴夏。



巴夏：

And to you, good day.

你也好。



问：

My question is this.

我的问题是这样的：



In connection with our acclimatizing, in preparation for acclimatizing, for making contact with aliens, in connection with that, our having to acclimatize ourselves to other species on Earth, would you please tell me or us something about the origins, nature, and destiny of trees?

关于我们适应的准备，为接触外星人这方面的准备，我们需要适应地球上其他物种。请问您能告诉我，或者关于树木的起源、性质和命运的信息？



巴夏：

All right. Well, in that sense, what do you mean by origins?

好的。从这个角度来说，你说的起源指的是什么？



问：

I don’t know what I mean by that. Let’s say nature and destiny.

我也不知道我自己是什么意思。就说是自然和命运吧。



巴夏：

All right. First of all, you have kind of a head start in dealing with the idea of interacting with aliens on your planet by understanding that to some degree, at this point in the creation of many local aspects of the galaxy, life begins on various planets as a result, in many cases, of what is called panspermia. Are you familiar with this?

好吧。首先，你稍微有点领先，在与你们星球上的外星人互动时，因为你在某种程度上明白，在银河系的许多构成中，生命常常因此在各个星球上开始。这种现象被称为宇宙胚种论。你了解这个吗？



问：

No.

不了解。



巴夏：

Panspermia basically means that the beginnings of life, the seeds of physical life—the DNA genetic material that creates life on any given planet—is often brought from planet to planet on different bodily forms, such as comets and asteroids.

宇宙胚种论指的是生命起源的种子，也就是能够在任一星球上产生生命的 DNA 遗传物质，经常通过不同形式从一个星球传到另一个星球，例如彗星和小行星。



So many of the life forms that actually exist on your planet did in fact actually originate elsewhere to begin with and simply adapted to the environment on Earth when the initial seeds, so to speak, were brought to the planet through asteroidal and cometary impact. You follow me?

因此，你们星球上存在的许多生命形式，其实最初都起源于其他地方，简单适应了地球的环境。这些种子到达地球后，是由小行星和彗星撞击带到地球上的。你懂我的意思吗？



问：

Yes. You mean trees may be alien? Literally?

对。你的意思是树木可能来自外星？真的是这样吗？



巴夏：

Almost every life form on Earth has its beginning in terms of its original structured material on another planet.You follow me?

几乎所有地球生命的起源材料，都来自其他星球。你懂我意思吗？



At this point, most material that evolves into what you would call life forms is the product of panspermia or the transfer of material from planet to planet through asteroidal and cometary bodies.

目前，大多数物质被称为生命形式，都是宇宙胚种论的产物，即在星球间通过小行星和彗星传递的物质。



In that kind of an exchange system, the basic building blocks of life are transferred from planet to planet. Depending upon the environment of that planet, this determines exactly how those building blocks build up.

在那种交换体系中，生命的基本组成要素会在不同星球间转移。根据行星环境，这决定了这些要素如何具体构建。





And thus you get some differences from planet to planet but you also get some similarities depending upon the environment.

因此，行星之间会有一些差异，但也会因环境而有相似之处。



So in that sense, the trees and every other life form on your planet does have an initial connection to other planets and thus an initial aspect of alien-ness.

所以，从这点来看，树木以及你星球上的其他生命形式，确实与其他行星有初步联系，因此具有初始的外星特质。



Nevertheless, trees, in this sense, form many different functions on your planet. Primarily, they are like antennas on the planet to download etheric energies into the Earth.

不过，从这个角度看，树木在你的星球上具有多种功能。它们主要像地球的天线，把乙太能量引入地球。



They are like conductors. Sticking up out of the planet, rising into the sky, and spreading out to gather various forms of energy and information that they then feed downward into the planet through their roots.

它们就像是导体。从地球上拔地而起，直指苍穹，枝叶舒展，收集各种能量和信息，再通过根部输送回地球。



Especially what you call the pine trees and especially what you call the redwoods, which can be interpreted almost like the ambassadors of the tree kingdom to any other kingdom on Earth.

尤其是所谓的松树，尤其是红杉，它们几乎可以被视为树木王国的使者，连接地球上的其他王国。



So having a conversation with a redwood will take you high and deep into different aspects of reality as it represents the tree kingdom, as it’s the ambassador in that sense of the tree kingdom. You follow me?

因此，与红杉交流会让你达到更高的境界，并深入探索现实的不同层面，因为它代表树木王国，作为树木王国的使者。你跟上了吗？



问：

Yes. I think so.

嗯，明白了。我觉得是这样。



巴夏：

What other aspect of this did you want us to address? 

关于这点，你还想讨论哪些方面？



问：

Do trees speak to each other? Do they tell the stories of what they do?

树木之间会交流吗？它们会讲述它们的故事吗？



巴夏：

All the time.

经常这样。



问：

Some visionary poets have said that there are tree wars that take place over millennia. We don’t notice them because the trees move so incredibly slowly.Is that a metaphor for something that you can…?

有些富有想象力的诗人曾说过，树木之间会爆发历经千年的战争。我们没留意到它们，因为树木移动极其缓慢。这是某种隐喻吗？你能……



巴夏：

It is not literal in the sense of how you humans might mean it. No, but it is a metaphor for the recognition that there is a definite ebb and flow of energy and a movement and a change and a shift of resources that may be required by different trees over others.

这并不是你们人类所理解的字面意思。不，并不是。不过，这其实是对某种认知的一种比喻，就是有明确的涨落，能量的流动和移动，以及资源的变化与转移。



And they have to work out systems that will allow what needs to happen on the planet to be determined by where the resources go to what trees and for what purpose.

在不同树间可能需要的，它们需要制定系统，确保地球上所需事物的发生，这取决于资源流向哪些树及其用途。



In that sense, you could say there might be a back and forth tug of war, but it is not exactly the concept of war as you would understand it.

从这个角度看，可以说会有一场来回拉锯的竞争，但这并不是你所认知的战争概念。



But some trees recognize that from time to time, depending upon certain conditions, they may be called upon to sacrifice themselves to allow other areas of the planet to blossom.

但有些树意识到，偶尔根据特定的条件，它们可能会被要求牺牲自己，让地球上其他地区更加繁盛。



And they’re conscious of this. They are in a different way than you understand it, but they are.Because they understand the orchestration of the planet.

它们对此很清楚。它们的意识方式与你的理解不同，但确实存在。因为它们理解地球的整体协调。



And it is more like the idea of an orchestration. Because they do have physicality, they will to some degree feel the physical aspects, well, shall we say, resistance or inertia, in a sense, over not necessarily wanting to make a certain kind of change.

这更像是一个整体协调的概念。因为它们确实有物质形态，它们在某种程度上会感受到物理上的阻力，或者是某种惯性，不见得愿意做出改变。



But nevertheless, they will ultimately make that change, for they realize the benefit to the whole, and trees tend to think globally.

但它们最终会改变，因为它们意识到这样对整体有利，而树木则倾向于全球性思考。



Nevertheless, they will still feel some of the inertia physically that requires them to make that change, and I suppose that kind of inertia or that awareness of that kind of resistance could be considered the idea of a struggle.

不过，它们仍会感受到物理上的惯性，促使它们去改变。我认为这种惯性，或者这种抵抗的意识，可以看作是一种奋斗的理念。



But it again is nothing like what you humans experience as the nature of warfare and struggle and strength.

但这与人类经历的截然不同，战争、斗争及力量的本质是不同的。



问：

I understand. I’m just fishing around for some way of understanding.

我明白了。我只是在试着找一些理解的方法。



巴夏：

Yes, I know. It does take the ability to relate in a very different way to understand the scale and scope of what the trees experience since they are, in many ways, so much different than you are, and so much in general more longer-lived than many of you.

嗯，我知道。确实需要用不同的方法去理解它的规模以及树木所经历的，因为它们在很多方面都与你们大相径庭，而且通常比你们大多数人活得更久。



问：

Would it be greatly to our benefit to try to communicate with more than one?

这样会对我们有很大的好处吗？我们是不是应该尝试与多个对象交流？



巴夏：

Oh, absolutely. You can learn quite a bit about how to create a different sense of time for yourselves by relating to a tree.

确实是这样。你可以学习如何培养不同的时间观念，通过与树的关系来体验这种观念。



And in fact, you can actually use a relationship with a tree to connect into the idea of the past and future in a very different way than you normally do when you think of it just in human terms.

其实，通过与树建立关系，可以更好地理解过去，以及用不同于以往的方式展望未来，而不是用人类的视角去思考。



So, even though we understand it is the subject of a joke and derision sometimes on your planet, actually hugging a tree will actually have a great deal of benefit in terms of being able to learn to identify with its resonance pattern.

所以，虽然我们知道这常常被当作笑话，有时也在你们地球上被嘲笑，其实拥抱树木会带来很大的好处，有助于你去感知它的共振模式。



Let it rub off on you in that sense.Do you follow?

让这种影响作用到你身上。你能跟上吗？



问：

yes.

是的。



巴夏：

Now, also… Recognize that because they perform the opposite biological function to sustain you, that is, in that sense, they take in what you breathe out and breathe out what you take in.

另外，还要注意它们进行的维持你生命的相反功能。也就是说，它们吸收你呼出的气体，并释放你吸入的气体。



That symbiotic relationship between you already establishes a very powerful link for communication lines between you as well.

这种共生关系已经在你们之间建立了强大的连接，用于沟通。



And if you will establish more consciousness on your own with regard to these communication lines through meditative breathing in and among trees, you will find that that deep meditative breathing of giving out the carbon dioxide they need and them giving out the oxygen you need will actually transfer information to you.

如果你能更加提升自我意识，加强这些沟通渠道，通过在树木间冥想式呼吸，你会发现，深呼吸时释放它们需要的二氧化碳，而它们释放的氧气，实际上会传递信息给你。



And you will become more aware of it if you get in touch with that level of symbiosis that exists between you. You follow me?

如果你能感受到这种共生关系，你会更有意识地了解。你明白我的意思吗？



问：

I believe so.

我想是的。



