巴夏：大师是老师，还是拐杖？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-03-19




问：

I'm so grateful to be here with you, Bashar, and everyone else 

能在此与巴夏对话，和大家相聚，我真的非常非常感恩



巴夏：

And good day to you. 

你好哈！



问：

Thank you. 

谢谢！



I was wondering if you could talk about the effects of recreational drug use on spiritual development. 

我想知道，你能否聊聊，娱乐性药物（毒品），可否用来提升灵性的成长



巴夏：

I can talk about that, will I? 

我当然可以聊这个，只是我会吗？



That's another question 

这又是另一个问题了



What we have already said, is this 

我之前这么说过了



And we will remind you briefly, 

现在，我再简述一遍



The things that exist naturally on your planet 

自然存于你们星球上的东西



The things that grow naturally for that purpose of allowing you to explore different dimensions of your consciousness. 

那些自然生长的，用来帮助你们探索不同维度的意识的植物



Those are the things that can act as teachers and guides up to a point, 

这些事物，可以当老师或者指引者，把你们的意识提升到某个高度



The things that your own body produces such as Dimethyltryptamine 

你们身体也会自然分泌某些物质，如二甲基色胺DMT



Also can be something you can explore and enhancing in a variety of ways according to whatever works best for you. 

你们也可以通过探索各种最适合你的方式，来不断地提高和强化



But the idea of all those things is for the purpose of getting you used to being in certain states 

但所有这些东西的目的，是让你习惯于某种状态



And by getting you use to those states 

通过使你习惯这种状态



Allowing you to start realizing that 

从而让你明白



you can just create those states within yourself anytime you want 

你可以在任何想要的时候，在内在创造这种状态（感觉）



With no further need for the teacher that brought you to that point of realization. 

而无需再通过老师，带领你到达这个“领悟点”



Otherwise, if you have to continue beyond a certain point, 

否则，当你想继续超越这个“点”



Then you are going into the idea of using those things that the earth has provided 

你会把这些地球提供的事物



More as a crutch than a help. 

更多的是当成拐杖，而不是帮助



And it crosses the line from self empowerment to addiction, 

于是你就越界了，自强 变成了 上瘾



Even if it's just mental addiction. 

即使只是心理上的瘾头



So the idea is to use them as they are designed to be used. 

所以，要按照祂们的本来目的来使用



The ones that are natural to your world that are there as teachers 

祂们出现在你们自然界中，是要当你们老师



Up to the point where you realize that

帮助你们提升意识



what they're attempting to show you is that you don't need them anymore 

让你们明白，你们可以不再需要祂们



To access any state that you prefer that works for you. 

就可以进入任何你想进入的状态



Does that help you? 

这对你有帮助吗？

