巴夏：老师，不是你的拐杖！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-07-30


问：

Bashar, my next question has to do with cannabis 

巴夏，我的下一个问题是关于“大麻”的



In your videos, you say that, when you smoking of cannabis that you don't need to smoke what you can get to

在视频中，你说：“如果你吸食过大麻，那你其实不需要再次吸食，就能……”



巴夏：

I just say it again tonight 

今晚，我再说一遍：



The teachers teach you how to feel, how to recognize a particular frequency vibration that allows you to explore other dimensional levels. 

“老师”教你如何感受、如何识别某个特定的振频，在这个振频下，你就能探索其他维度的实相



Once that has been instilled within you 

而一旦这个振频被“灌输”进你的内在中



Once you believe you understand it 

一旦你相信 你已经“明白”它了



Once you believe you get it 

一旦你相信 你已经“获得”它了



You can generate the energy yourself 

那么，你自己就能“产生”这个振频所代表的能量



And you no longer need the teacher 

你就可以不再需要这位“老师”了



Continuing to think you need the teacher beyond the timing you actually need the teacher is called addiction 

如果你继续认为你需要老师，但实际上你已经过了需要老师的阶段，那么这就叫做“上瘾”



Because what you're doing is saying, I always need this 

因为你的行为，其实是在说：“我一直都需要它”



And then it doesn't become a teacher. It becomes a crutch 

那么，它就不再是一个“老师”，而成了一把“拐杖”



And it becomes a reflection of the idea that you're not self empowered. 

这也反映出 你没能够 自我赋能（自强自立）



And that's not what the teachers are designed to do 

老师的作用，并不是当一把拐杖



They are designed to let you know that

老师，原本是要让你知道：



if you can experience that vibration, you have that ability to create that vibration within you 

如果你能 体验到那种振动，那么，你就有能力在自己内在中“创造”出这个振动



Or you could never have had that experience regardless of what you inhale 

否则，不论你吸食何物，你永远都无法拥有这样的体验



Do you understand? 

你明白了吗？



问：

Yes. 

明白！



巴夏：

So if you understand it, if You finally get it 

如果（吸食几次后）终于你明白了，你终于“获得”这个振频了



All right, “once, twice, three times the charm” as you say 

就像你们说的“一回生，二回熟，三回、四回你做主”



By then the ideas that you know what that feels like, You can generate that energy just by remembering what that feels like. 

如果到了你知道“这种感觉为何”的时候，那你只需要通过回忆起这种感觉，就能够产生这样的能量



And as soon as you understand that that's the same thing as being in the state, then you can act from that state 

而一旦你知道你“回忆的状态”与“吸食的状态”其实是同一种能量状态，那么，你就可以出发于这样的状态，去行动



And you will have applied the lessons of the teacher, Instead of constantly going back to school 

你也就运用了老师所教你的课程，而不是持续不断地回到学校“回炉”



“Haven't you graduated this class yet?” The teacher says 

老师说：“这门课，你还没毕业吗？”



I taught you six years ago in this class. 

“我都教了你六年了”



Why haven't you graduated to the next class, 

“你为什么还不结束这个课程，去学下一级的课呢？”



Why are you hanging around, still reading the same text look over and over and over again? 

“你为什么还在这里当老油条，来来回回地看同样的课本呢？”



Get out of here 

“小明，滚出去！” （无伤大雅的笑话）



Yes? 

明白了吗？



问：

Yes!

明白



巴夏：

Does that help you? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes 

是的