巴夏：保持偏好的振动
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年11月02日 06:01 辽宁
前言

只要沿着你喜欢的轨道前进就好、保持你偏好的振动。事情最终会自行解决的。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2024年10月26日

问：好的，当你问塞多纳的房间里的人，我们是否愿意为你所说的关于选举的信息负责时，你所说的负责是什么意思？

OK, and when you asked the room in Sedona if we were willing to take responsibility for what you said about the election, what did you mean by responsibility?

巴夏：你回应的能力。我们将在下个月的《塞多纳的回响》传讯中对此进行更多讨论。我们将在传讯中详细解释我们为什么这么说，是的，我们这么说了。没有其他内容。

Your ability to respond. We will discuss this more in the upcoming transmission next month of your time called Echoes of Sedona.where we will explain exactly why we said what we said and yes, we said it. No one else.

所以我们将解释我们的意图。我们将以一种理想情况下你们中的一些人可能会理解的方式解释许多与之相关的事情。有些人可能不会理解。尽管如此，我们还是要在这一传讯过程中加以说明，而不是现在。

So we will explain our intention. We will explain many things that are connected to it in a way that ideally some of you may understand. Some of you may not.Nevertheless, we will explain it in that transmissionand not now.

图片

问：好的，无论我们在 11 月 6 日醒来时身处何种现实中。这是一个已经分裂的轨道不再相互看到的现实吗？还是说，在一个人赢得美国大选的现实中，人们仍然会在另一个人赢得美国大选的现实中出现渗透性？

OK, and whatever reality we wake up in on November 6th.Is that a reality where the tracks that have split no longer see each other.Or is there still a porousness where people in a reality where one person wins the US election can still end up in realities where someone else wins the US election?

巴夏：这并不是说你最终会进入不同的现实，但仍然有一种能够观察它并在某种程度上体验它的多孔性，至少是通过观察。所以你们不会立即看不到其他轨道。这是一个多年来缓慢发生的过程。

It's not that you end up in the different reality, but there is still the porousness of being able to observe it and experience it to some degree, at least by observation.So it will not happen immediately that you will no longer see other tracks. This is a process that happens slowly over many years. 

最终，它将在2020年至2050年的30年重置中发生，但不是马上，不是立即，也不是瞬间。所以仍然有能力观察对方，即使你们不一定非要以自己不喜欢的方式互相影响。

Eventually, it will happen in the 30 year reset from 2020 to 2050, but not right away, not immediately, not instantaneously. So there is still the ability to observe each other, even though you don't necessarily have to be affected by each other in the ways that you don't prefer to be.

问：所以这是否意味着无论谁获胜，当一个人在现实中观察它时。

So does that mean that regardless of who wins, when in the reality of a person observing it.

巴夏：让我这样告诉你，记住在各自的现实中，各自都胜选了。你看到的是不同的现实。实际上，这些现实的组合还能根据你们不同程度的体验创造出第三、第四、第五、第六、第七个现实。所以，这不仅仅是,嗯，一个人获胜了另一个人没获胜的想法。这可以是一种现实。

Let me put it to you this way，remember that in each reality each person were win.You're looking at different realities.And there are actually combinations of those realities that create third, fourth, fifth,sixth, seventh realities to differing degrees of what you experience.So it's not just the idea of,well, one won and the other one didn't.hat can be one reality.

但也可以是在各自的现实中都获胜的现实。这可以是一个现实，一方可能会赢，另一方可能会认为他们赢了。这完全是另一个现实。所以不同的人会体验到不同现实的分裂棱镜的不同程度。所以，只要沿着你喜欢的轨道前进就好、保持你偏好的振动。事情最终会自行解决的。这样，你真正喜欢的现实将是你唯一能体验到的现实。

But it can also be a reality where both wins in their own realities.And it can be a reality where one may win and the other may think they've won.That's another reality altogether.So there are different degrees in the splitting prism of the different realities that different people will experience.So just stay on the track that you prefer,stay in the vibration you prefer.Things will sort themselves out eventually.So that the reality you really prefer will be the only one you will experience.

图片

问：因此，无论你的候选人是否获胜、当你一觉醒来时就会确定谁引用了未引用的内容。

So regardless of whether your candidate wins or not,when you wake up the day that it is determined who has quote unquote one.

巴夏：这就是你将要面对的现实，因为你选择了面对它。所以无论你在那一刻体验到什么样的现实，在那一段时间里，都是你出于各种原因选择的现实，这些原因与你选择的人生道路和你选择应对的挑战有关。

That will be the reality that you will be dealing with because you have chosen to deal with it.So whatever reality you experience at that moment will for that time,be the reality that you have chosen to be in for a variety of reasons that have to do with the life path that you chose and the challenges you chose to deal with.

问：好吧。

Okay.