巴夏：秋季选举对公开接触的影响
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月10日 06:00 辽宁
前言

因此，允许你自己简单地保持在你喜欢的振动中。你将继续导航，继续转变，继续体验其中的结果，其中一个会导致公开接触，另一个可能不会。

                      译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                  传讯时间：2024年7月27日

问:早在 2020 年，你就提到过那次选举的重要性，以及选举结果如何将我们推向了一个更正面的时间线。

And back in 2020 you mentioned the importance of that election and how the result catapulted us to a more positive timeline.

随着2024年秋季选举的临近，你认为选举结果会影响公开接触吗？我知道你们的文明不会谈论我们的政治。我只想澄清一下，选举是否会影响我们与 ET 家人见面的方式和时间。

With the upcoming election in the fall of 2024 do you perceive the results affecting open contact?I understand your civilization will not talk about our politics.I just want to clarify if the election will affect how and when we meet our ET family.

图片

巴夏：好吧。现在，关于这一点我们可以这样说了。要知道一段时间以来，我们一直在谈论现实分裂、棱镜分光的概念。

All right.Now we are allowed to say this about that.Understand we have for some time been talking about the idea of the splitting realities, the splitting Prism.

现在，为了简单起见，让我们采用你们中许多人可能称之为 "朵洛莉丝·侃南 "的方法。即与其将其视为无限数量的平行现实地球，不如将其简化为两个。

For the sake of simplicity for now let us take what many of you might call the Dolores Canon approach.And say that instead of thinking about it as an infinite number of parallel reality earths you can, shall we say, render it down.

新地球和旧地球正在分裂，朝着不同的方向发展。而与两个地球一起转变的人则朝着不同的方向前进。你可以说朝着新的方向前进，转移到新的地球。往旧的方向走，可以说是留在旧地球上。但这仍然是一种转变。

The new earth,the old earth that are splitting apart, going in different directions.And the people that shift with them then going in those different directions.You could say going in the new direction, shifting to the new earth.Going in the old direction, remaining on the old earth so to speak.But it's still a shift.

图片

所以这个想法是看看你们现在在政治上经历的分裂中发生了什么。具体来说，看看人们说：“这个人赢了，不，这个人赢了。”的想法。哪个是真的？两个都是真的，因为它们都反映了两个完全不同的地球。

So the idea is look at what's happening in the splits that you are experiencing now in your politics.Specifically, look at the idea of people saying this person won, no this person won.Which is true?Both are true because they're both reflective of two completely different earths.

这就是你开始看到的分裂的方式。当然你们现在正在分享一个现实。你正在创造一个看起来像是共同现实的现实，因此你仍然可以看到对方说不，是这边，不，是那边。最终你们不会再见到彼此，你们不会体验到彼此，但现在这应该是你们的第一个线索。

That's how you're starting to see the split.Right now of course you're sharing a reality.You'recreating a reality that seems like a shared reality and therefore you can still see each other saying no it's this way, no it's that way.

最终你们不会再见到彼此，你们不会体验到彼此，但现在这应该是你们的第一个线索。每一方、每一团体在多大程度上。说不不不这才是赢家。不不不这才是赢家。这应该是你的第一个线索，表明你正在经历分裂成不同现实的开始。

Eventually you will not see each other, you will not experience each other but right now that should be your first clue.The degree to which each side, each group Is saying no no no, this is the winner.No no no, this is the winner.Should be your first clue that you're actually experiencing the beginnings of the splitting into different realities.

所以那些正朝着我们将委婉地称为新地球的方向前进的人将会经历一件事。那些继续沿着旧地球的方向转变的人，最终会经历其他的事情。甚至最终会在你们的国家出现两个白宫，在你们的星球上每个白宫有两个政府机构。其中一个人赢了这个白宫，另一个人赢了那个白宫。

So those that are moving in the direction of what again euphemistically we will refer to as the new earth will experience one thing.Those that are shifting in the direction of continuing with the old earth will eventually experience something else.Even to the point eventually literally of there being two White Houses in your country, two government bodies in each place on your planet where one person wins this one and one person wins that one.

所以你必须开始明白，这是你实际上开始经历的不同现实，尽管现在看起来非常混乱。每个人都在争论什么是真实的，他们都是真实的。但这只是将事物分裂成那些非常不同、非常真实的现实的开始。这些现实将变得越来越遥远。

So you have to start understanding this is different realities that you're actually beginning to experience even though it may seem to be very chaotic right now.and everyone arguing about what is real, they're both real but it's just the very beginnings of the split things into those very different and very real realities that will become farther and farther and farther apart.

而那些朝着不同方向前进的人最终会经历非常不同的地球。因此，允许你自己简单地保持在你喜欢的振动中。你将继续导航，继续转变，继续体验其中的结果，其中一个会导致公开接触，另一个可能不会。

And the people going in those different directions experiencing very very different Earths eventually.So allow yourself to simply stay in the vibration that you prefer.And you will continue to navigate and continue to shift and continue to experience the result of that one of which will lead to open contact and one of which may not.

现在再一次，任何介于两者之间的结果都是存在的，因为平行现实地球有多种变体和版本。但是再次的，为了简单起见，现在用极端的例子来说明这一点。

Now again anything in between does exist for there are multiple variations and versions of parallel reality Earths.But again for simplicity just to use the extreme examples now to illustrate the point.

图片

一个结果会体验到公开接触的概念，因为这意味着它是关于连接和扩展、爱、连接、宽容的。而另一种则基于恐惧、消极。将会体验到截然不同的东西。

One will experience the idea of open contact because that means it's about connection and expansion, love, connection, kindness.And the other based in fear, negativity.Will experience something quite different.

我现在不打算描述这一点，但他们不会体验到以我们所描述的方式进行公开接触，也不会体验到我们将与你们一起参与其中的方式。这就是一切我们被允许说的问题的答案，所以请好好想想，并理解你所看到你们星球上分裂的开端。

I'm not going to describe that right now but they will not experience open contact in the way we've been describing and in the way we will participate in it with you.That is the answer to the question that is all we are allowed to say so think about that and understand what you're seeing as the beginnings of that split on your planet.

问:好的，这个人在说，如果我担心即将到来的选举，以及选举结果会如何等等。

Okay and this person is saying if I have a worry about the coming election and how it's going to turn out etc. 

关于这个话题，我已经说了我们需要说的话，关于这个话题的谈话到此结束。这是留给你们所有人的最重要的事情，就是理解你看到了什么，你为什么会看到这些，以及实际上发生了什么。

I have said what we need to say about this subject this is the end of the conversation about that.That's the most important thing to leave all of you with is the understanding of what you're seeing why you're seeing it and what's actually happening.

巴夏：你们真的看到了分裂成不同现实的开端，在那里，每一方都真正看到了他们的结果才是真正的结果。这就是为什么你看到的似乎是一种二分法，这对今天来说已经足够了。

You are literally seeing the beginnings of the splitting into different realities where each side really truly sees that their outcome is the real outcome.That's why you're seeing what appears to be a dichotomy and that is sufficient unto this day.

问:好的。

Okay.


图片









阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


