巴夏：第四密度何时能稳定下来
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月31日 00:33 辽宁
前言

你们正在经历一个为期三十年的调整，通常会在2050年以后的某个时候开始平稳下来。

                      译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                   传讯时间：2024年7月27日

问：我们现在正从第三密度转换到第四密度？

And we're now shifting from third to fourth density？

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：这是否需要我们用一段时间来维持某种形式的第四密度,当我们能够在第四密度中保持某种形式的稳定性时?

Is it going to take us a while to maintain a form of ,when we are able to maintain a form of stability in the fourth density?

巴夏：是的，你们正在经历一个为期三十年的调整，通常会在2050年以后的某个时候开始平稳下来。

Yes, you are going through a three-decade reset that will usually start smoothing itself out somewhere beyond the year of 2050.

问：啊哈。好的。如果我们愿意，我们是否能够转换回第三密度，或者我们最终会把这个密度抛在身后？

Aha. Okay. And will we be able to shift back into third density if we wish to, or are we leaving this density, quote-unquote, behind us eventually?

巴夏：你们中的大多数人会永远离开它。转换回去并不是不可能的。

Most of you will leave it permanently. It's not impossible to shift back.

但似乎真的并没有什么特别的理由这样做，除非你决定这样做是为了帮助别人，帮助他们爬上梯子。

but it will probably seem like there's not really any particular reason to do so, unless you decide to do that to be of assistance to someone else to help them up the ladder.

问：我明白，是的，我明白。

I understand. Yes, I understand. 

巴夏：因为当你开始朝某个方向移动时，你会产生一定的动力，一定的惯性。

Because when you start moving in a certain direction, you create a certain momentum, a certain inertia.

举个例子，在我们的社会中，体验正面选择的想法背后有太多的惯性、动力和能量。

For example, in our society, there is so much inertia, so much momentum, and so much energy for so long behind the idea of experiencing positive choices.

对我们来说，去体验负面的选择是非常非常具有挑战性的。

that it's very, very challenging for us to go and experience negative choices.

我们明白我们总是有选择的。我们明白选项总是存在的。但势头如此之大，我们甚至很难再朝这个方向前进。

We understand we always have the choice. We understand the option is always there. But there's so much momentum, it's actually challenging for us to even go in that direction anymore.

这就像逆流而上。

It would be like swimming upstream. 

问：是的，我明白了。是的，是的，是的。再次谢谢你。

Yes, I understand. Yeah, yeah, yeah.Thank you again. 

巴夏：好的。

All right. 

问：我还想问你一些关于先驱者的问题。

I would also want to ask you something about the precursors.

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：在2026年、2027年发生公开接触之前，先驱者会知道他们是谁吗？

Will the precursors know who they are before open contact occurs in 2026, 2027?

巴夏：你可能有个误会。先驱者们已经知道他们是谁了。

You may have a misunderstanding. The precursors already know who they are.

他们不是出生在地球上的人类。

They're not humans born on Earth. 

问：这确实是我这方面的误解。好吧。

That's indeed a misunderstanding from my side.Okay.

巴夏：有些准备者出生在地球上。

There are preparers who are born on Earth.

我们称他们为准备者。但是先驱者是混血人类在你们中间生活的先驱者。

We call them preparers. But the precursors are precursors of the hybrids coming to live among you.

所以先驱者已经是混血人类不在地球上出生。

So the precursors are already hybrids that were not born on Earth. 

但在地球上，你们有准备者。从地球的角度来看，你们有准备者在做类似的工作。

But on Earth, you have preparers. You have preparers who are doing a similar job from the point of view of Earth.

就像人们探索自己的意识、帮助他人、为人类服务一样，这些人，正在为一种不同的现实体验铺平道路。

Those, like people exploring their consciousness, helping others, being of service to humanity, that are preparing the way for a different kind of reality experience.

因此，我们通常将这些人称为准备者，而先驱者实际上是来自另一个现实的混血存有。

So we typically refer to those as preparers, whereas the precursors are actually hybrid beings from another reality.

问：就是这样。巴夏，非常感谢你为我们所做的一切。

And this is it. Thank you so much, Pashar, for everything you do for us. 

巴夏：这是我们的激情和荣幸。不客气，再见。Avil

It is our passion and our pleasure.Thank you. Good day. Avil. 


图片







阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 