巴夏：体验现实=创建平行现实序列
2025.3.5
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee

问： 

我特别喜欢你提供的信息。我是几个月前才开始关注你的！

And I've had so much fun with your material. I've only found out about you a couple of months ago. 



巴夏：

我也才刚刚知道你。真是巧了！
 I only just found out about you. What a coincidence.



问：

这两个月，简直是太刺激了，太棒了。所以我有很多问题想请教，我尽量问得靠谱点，不会耽误太久，但我有很多问题想问。

And those two months have been, oh, my God, what a ride. Fantastic.All right. And so I have a bunch of questions that I want to ask. I'll be decent. I won't take too long but I have a bunch that I would like to ask.

巴夏： 我们会酌情回答。
We will answer what we believe is appropriate. 



问：

太好了。谢谢。我就知道会这样。

Excellent. Thank you. I wouldn't expect less.

我最大的乐趣是…我正在探索意识。我喜欢探索不同层面的意识，以及如何创造现实，我喜欢的现实，因此…我有几个问题。
Okay, so my highest joys I'm exploring consciousness. I love to explore levels of consciousness and how to create reality the reality that I prefer.And with that in mind I have a few questions.

我听您说过，只要你移动手臂，比如从A点移到B点，而在这期间会产生无数个现实，每一个现实都像是一种现实的静止的快照，里面没有丝毫运动、动量。
I've heard you say that whenever you move your arm let's say from point A to point B there's billions upon billions of realities. And each one is a snapshot of reality that it's in itself like motionless.

巴夏： 

没错，一个冻结的快照，里面没有任何经验。实际上从点A到点B你经过了一连串的平行现实，以此经验到你所认为的平行现实。因为它这就像电影胶片上的每一帧，单单任何一帧无论如何都没有任何体验内置于其中，也无任何运动内置其中。
Yes, no experience in it, a frozen snapshot. It's a series of parallel realities that you actually go through to experience what you consider to be a parallel reality. Because it's like frames on a film strip. Any single frame has no experience, no movement whatsoever.

你得把每一张胶片投影到屏幕上，才能产生一系列运动，从而让你产生运动、时间、空间和变化的幻觉、幻相。
You have to project it on the screen to create a series of movements that then give you the illusion of movement, time, space, and change.

问： 

太棒了。这么说来，那我们现在经历的又是什么？如果说存在着无数个现实？

Excellent. So with that in mind what do we call this that we're experiencing now? So if this is a billion realities.



巴夏：

这个现实是一个特定的平行系列的地球（也可以翻译成一个特定平行地球的序列）。

it's this particular parallel series of Earth.



问：

那是不是说，这个现实并非是冻结的快照？也就是说它就像…
So does that mean that this reality is not a frozen snapshot? Meaning it's like...

巴夏： 

我说的是，你正在体验的所谓的这个现实，其实是冻结快照的一个系列，是你将创造了连续性，将这个系列的冻结快照串联起来。所以，你的下一个画面，帧，冻结的画面，是基于创建了连续性的概念进行选择，让你以为这是下一个画面好像处于同一个现实，但其实不是这样的。
What I'm saying is your experience that you call this reality is a series of frozen snapshots that you have created a continuity with. Thus then you choose what the next frame is based on that concept of continuity to make it seem as if it's the same reality when it's not.

再想想电影胶片上的那些画面。你可以随意重新剪辑这段胶片，对吧？嗯，你可以重新排序，然后说……来这里创建一种新的连续性。

Look again at the idea of frames on a film strip. You could actually re-edit that film strip in any order you wish, couldn't you? 



“我现在用这个‘新的连续性’剪辑胶片，以此看到新剪辑的现实。”
Well, you can reorder it and still say, well here's a new continuity. I'm looking at this reality now.

你可以把这些胶片里的帧按其他顺序排列，然后说...那种排列顺序是另一种‘新的连续性’。所以现在，一段同样的胶片但用‘新的连续性’剪辑的是另一个现实。当然，我们再强调一下，这是一系列平行现实，但这种‘系列’构成你所认为的完整现实体验。
You can put the frames in another order and say, well that's a new continuity. Now that's that reality. Of course, again, we're meaning it's a series of parallel realities but the series is what you consider to be a whole reality experience.

 “体验”这个词暗示着某种序列的冻结快照。

The word experience implying a series of snapshots. 



问：

好吧，我想我的困惑在于，如果它只是快照...于是就没有运动，没有动态。
Okay, I guess the hang-up that I have is that if it's a snapshot it has no motion, no movement.

巴夏： 

没错。所以你的意识才需要不断地从某个快照转移到某个快照，从某个平行现实转移到另一个平行现实，就像投影仪的光在需要胶片的帧与帧与帧之间切换转移一样，这样才能在屏幕上投射出运动的幻觉、幻相。
Correct. That's why your consciousness has to shift from snapshot to snapshot, from parallel reality to parallel reality in exactly the same way the projector light has to shift from frame to frame to frame to frame in order to project the illusion of movement on the screen.

问：

所以，如果我想进入一个我更喜欢的现实…
So if I wish to move to a reality that I prefer...

巴夏： 

那么你只需要调整到代表那个现实的振动频率，在这种振动频率后，于是你就会向那个现实的方向转变。再强调一遍，你们一直在转移，只不过你们的转变非常丝滑，所以你才没察觉。
Then all you need to be is the vibration that represents that reality and that's the direction you will shift in. The idea, again, is that you are shifting all the time. It's just that you're shifting so smoothly you don't really notice it.

 如果让前后两帧的差异变大，你就会开始察觉到，其实你一直在转变。只不过你没怎么注意，因为变化太细微。一个平行世界可能只和另一个平行现实相差一个原子，但那却是完完全全不同的现实。
If you create a greater degree of difference between one frame and the next you will start to notice that you're shifting all the time. It's just that you don't really notice because the increments are so small. One parallel reality can differ from another parallel reality by one atom. It's still a completely different reality.

明白了吗？所以你可以让自己显得变化很慢，或者让自己显得转移变化非常迅速。你总是在以同样的速度变化和转移，只是帧与帧之间的不同程度决定了你感受到的变化是快是慢。
You understand? So you can make it seem as if you're changing slowly or you can make it seem as if you're changing rapidly. You're always changing and always shifting at the same rate. It's just that the degree of difference between the frames is what determines your experience of slow or fast change.

问： 好的。而且就在过去两个月，我亲身体验了这些。我体验到了那种转变。我说，哇，这就是我想要的，这完全是另一种改变。我是说，我感觉不一样了，这是另一种...我变成了另一个人。
Okay. And I've actually experienced that in just these last two months. I've experienced that change. I said, whoa, this is what I wanted. It's a complete different shift. I mean, I feel different. It's a different I'm a different person.

巴夏： 

是的。

Yes.



问：但我希望能真正有意识地了解它，这样我才能解释。
 But I kind of wanted to get like the actual conscious awareness of it so I can explain. 





巴夏：

嗯，你会越来越频繁地体验到那种感觉，那种发自内心感知转变的感觉。某种程度上，这是你意识扩展的征兆之一，因为某种意义上，你慢慢的就像‘在被投影的幕后看到这一切’。

Well, you will get that more and more again. That sensation, that visceral sensation of being able to perceive the shift will to some degree come as one of the symptoms of the expansion of your consciousness because in a sense you're like seeing behind the scenery.

在幕后你会一直看见物质界现实只不过是一种幻觉、幻相。在某些时候，你会发现物质界现实变得更具有可塑性，更加灵活，而且对你来说，物质界现实也变得没那么真实了，如有必要，物质界现实便会被你破除幻相。而另一些时候，物质界现实又会看起来非常稳固，因为你需要充分体验物质界。
You're seeing that physical reality is an illusion. It will start in some circumstances to be much more malleable, much more flexible and seem much less real to you when it is necessary to do so. Other times it will seem very solid because you need to play that thing out.

因为如果物质界现实如果不够看起来稳固，那就没有东西给你进行体验了。因此，你会在从体验物质界现实的‘坚固’到‘不坚固’的不同状态间切换，这两种状态才会给你你所需要的体验，从而提升你领悟的能力，领悟到其实是你正在创造一场体验，而物质界现实确实是一场幻觉、幻相，或是你意识的一场投射。
Because if it doesn't seem solid there's nothing for you to experience. So you'll shift between those states to give yourself the experiences that you need that will then add to your ability to realize that you are creating that experience and it truly is an illusion or a projection of your consciousness.

问： 好的。很有道理。确实如此。
Okay. Makes so much sense. Yes, it does.



