巴夏的预测
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2024-01-12 19:53



Darryl：
Bashar rarely makes predictions
巴夏很少做出预测

Because he has said, in a sense, there's no such thing as a prediction of the future. There is a sensing by certain people of the energy that exists at the moment the prediction is made.
因为他曾说过：某种意义上讲，并没有所谓的“对未来的预测”这种事。只是有些人，在做出预测的那一刻，他能够感知到存在于当下的能量。

And if that energy doesn't change, then the prediction can come to pass. 
如果那股能量没有改变，那么，预测就可能成真。

If the prediction makes itself known in a way that people don't want that to happen, they can change the energy. And the prediction will become obsolete. 
而如果人们以某种方式得知了预测，并且，不希望它发生，那么，他们就可以改变这个能量，这样的话，预测就作废了。

That doesn't mean the initial prediction was wrong. It just means that the energy of the moment that the prediction was made has changed. And now we've gone down a different path. 
这并不意味着，最初的预测是错误的，只是说，做出预测那一刻的能量，已经改变了，并且，我们现在已经走上了不同的道路。

But now and then, Bashar will make a prediction when he feels that the momentum and the energy behind the prediction is so strong, that it's unlikely to change. 
但时不时地，当巴夏感知到预测背后的能量和势能如此之大，并且不太可能改变时，他也会给出预测。

For example, in 1998 and this was recorded on tape, Bashar said that it was very probable that there would be a terrorist attack on New York before the end of 2001. 
例如，在1998年（有录音），巴夏说，在2001年底之前，纽约非常有可能会发生恐怖袭击事件。

Obviously that has come to pass. 
很显然，这事发生了。

He has said before the 2016 election that after it in the united states, everything would change.
他也曾在2016年美国总统大选之前说过，在美国大选之后，一切都将改变。

I think many people would agree that has come to pass.
我想，很多人也同意结果确实如他所言。

The most recent prediction he has been willing to make that he feels is unlikely to shift is he has said: There is over a 90% probability that by the end of 2026 or the beginning of 2027, there will be some sort of contact event that would be relatively undeniable. 
最近，他愿意给出的一个 他觉得不太可能改变的预测是，他说：在2026年底或2027年初，有90%以上的可能性，发生一起（相对而言）无法被（公众）否认的与外星人接触的事件。

He is not saying why that happens. He's not saying what causes it to happen. 
他并没有说，为什么会发生，也没有说，是什么导致了它的发生。

He is simply saying that at that point, there is a high degree of probability that people on earth will understand and know that extraterrestrial life does exist, that contact is potentially possible. 
他只是简单提到，在那个时间点，地球上的人，有很大的可能性 会明白外星生命确实存在，也知道，与他们接触确实可能。

We will have to wait and see exactly what events may bring that about. And whether or not that prediction comes to pass. 
我们就等着看，到底会发生什么事件，导致这种情况的发生，以及，这个预言是否会成真。

But as I said, it's rare for him to make such predictions. And the others that he has made in the past have in fact happened. 
但正如我所说，他很少做出这样的预测，而他过去所做的其他预测，实际上，都已经发生了。

So we will altogether wait and see if this is an opportunity for us to to open up to the possibility of open contact.
所以，我们就一同等待，看看这是否是一个 让我们有可能“与外星生命公开接触”的机会。

But they will be watching to see what we do with that event, whatever it is, and however it unfolds
他们也会观察我们对这一事件的处理方式，不论那是什么样的事，以及它将如何发展。

Because our reactions and our responses to it are what's going to tell them whether we are ready or not. 
因为，我们对它的反应和回应，将告诉他们，我们是否已做好准备了。

For example, there is a very famous UFO sighting called The Phoenix Lights that took place back in the late 90s 
例如，在90年代末，发生了一起名为“凤凰城之光”的非常出名UFO目击事件。

that happened where a large mile long craft passed very slowly over the state of Arizona, and was witnessed by more than 10,000 individuals. 
当时，一架数千米长的大型飞行器 非常缓慢地飞越亚利桑那州上空，并且，超过一万多人目击此事件。

There was hardly any mention of it on the news, unless there was being passed off as flares or planes or lights from balloons or something like that. 
然而，新闻上却几乎没有提到它，就只说是照明弹、飞机、气球发出的光，或类似的东西而被一笔带过。

How we responded to that, denying that that happened, denying 10,000 witnesses was an indication to Bashar and other extraterrestrials that are observing earth that we simply we’re not ready for contact yet. 
我们对此事件的反应，否认了事件的发生，否认一万名目击者，这向巴夏和其他正在观察地球的外星人表明了：我们还没有做好与他们接触的准备。

So we will see what happens
所以，我们等着看将来会发生什么吧。

If this event occurs, as Bashar has said, it might, and we will see what our responses. 
如果这事件，真的如巴夏所预言的那样发生了，那么，我们可以看看我们人类作何反应。

And more importantly, the ETs will see what our response is and that will determine how quickly open contact on earth might occur. 
更重要的是，外星人也会看我们的反应，而这将决定了地球上 人类与外星生命公开接触的时间的早晚。
