巴夏：你的振动，决定你的世界
2025.5.2
问：

When channeling with higher beings from other dimensions have they expressed if there ever will be world peace or a time where we are totally all aligned with 5D consciousness?

从更高维度的视角来看，地球的未来是否有可能实现全球和平，以及全人类是否有可能在意识层面达到五维的水平？ 



巴夏：

Absolutely.

当然啦！



But again, remember, you never change the world you're on.

请记住：你永远无法改变你所在的世界。



You change yourself and you shift to another already existing parallel version of Earth that is now reflective of the change you made within you.

你改变的是你自己，然后，你转换到另一个已经存在、平行版本的地球，而这个地球，反映了你在内在所做的改变。 



So some people will go in the direction of more peaceful, unified versions of Earth. Some people may go in the direction of more chaotic versions and segregated and divisive versions of Earth, and everything in between.

因此，一些人会走向更和平、更统一的地球版本；有些人可能会走向更混乱、更隔离、更分裂的地球版本；以及介于两者之间的各种版本。



There are some versions of Earth already existing that you would call paradise. There are some versions of Earth that have already completely and utterly destroyed themselves. 

有些版本的地球已经存在，你们称之为天堂，也有一些版本的地球，已经完全彻底地自我毁灭了。



You get to navigate in whatever direction your vibration is.

你将朝着自己的振动频率所对应的方向前进。



So, what we're talking about gives you the navigational tool to decide what kind of versions of Earth that you are constantly shifting more in the direction of.

所以，我们所谈论的，是给你提供了一个导航工具，让你决定自己不断朝哪个版本的地球转变。



But you all have free will and someone can decide to go this way and someone can decide to go that way.

但你们都有自由意志，有人决定走这条路，有人决定走那条路。



But in general, you will experience, for those that decide to, for those that choose to, a unified version of Earth because that already exists.

但总的来说，对于那些做出如此选择的人来说，他们将体验到一个统一版本的地球，因为这个版本已经存在了。



So if you navigate yourself to that version, then everyone ultimately on that version of Earth will be representative of that unity, of that harmony of that peace.

所以，如果你将自己导航到那个版本，那么最终，在那个版本的地球上，每个人都将会是那种统一、和谐、和平的象征。 



Yes, of course, because that version of Earth already exists and another version of you is already on it.

是的，当然啦！因为那个版本的地球已经存在，并且，另一个版本的你，已身在其中。



You're welcome, but I had nothing to do with it.

不客气，这与我无关。



Again, that's just the way things work.

再说一次，世界就是这么运作的。



You have to understand what the structure of existence actually is like.

你必须了解存在的本质结构。



And when you understand how it all works, you will understand how simple and easy it is to simply choose what you prefer and that you will navigate in the direction of that constantly

当你明白这一切是如何运作的，你就会明白，选择你所喜好的事物是多么简单容易，并且，你将持续不断地朝着那个方向前进。



Because there will be no other direction you can go in 

因为你无法去往其他方向。



Because you cannot experience what you're not the vibration of. 

因为你无法体验到与你振频不一致的事物。



That's simple physics.

这是简单的物理原理。 



Even when you have a heightened experience and you say, I remember what that experience was like. I would love to get back there again into that state of being. 

即使你曾有过一次高峰体验，然后你说：我记得那种体验的感觉，我很想再回到那里，再次进入那种状态。 



The very fact, pay attention the very fact that you can remember what that experience was like means you have to be in that frequency in order to even remember what it was like. 

注意听好喽：事实上，你能回忆起次体验，意味着你必须处于那个频率上，你才能记回忆起来。 



It may feel different because you're a different person now 

你的感觉，可能有所不同，因为现在的你，已经不一样了。



Because you've changed from the experience. 

因为那次经历，改变了你。 



It doesn't have to feel the same for you to know that you're actually in that vibration

你不一定得有完全相同的感觉，才能确定自己处于那种振动中。



the minute you remember what it felt like to be in that vibration because you have to be in that vibration to have the memory of having been in that vibration.

在你回忆起那种振动感觉的那一刻，你就在那种振动中了。因为你必须处于那个振动中，才能拥有关于那种振动的记忆。 



That's how it works.

这就是它的运作方式。



So you see what I mean?

你明白我的意思了吗？



When you understand how it works, things get really clear, things get very simple.

当你明白了它的运作原理，事情就变得非常清晰，非常简单。



You don't have to work so hard at it.

你不必为之而费尽心思。



You understand what the process is all about and how to use it more consciously, more clearly.

你明白整个过程是怎么回事，也知道如何更有意识、更明确地运用它。



Yes?

明白了吗？



问：

明白了！谢谢您！  



译者：

愿巴夏的智慧之光照亮你。若你从中获益，一份随喜打赏，便是对这份翻译心力最好的能量回馈。感谢支持！