巴夏预言：倒数13月（文字版）
笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2015-11-19
简介：

1、2016年秋季将是一系列变革的的聚焦点

2、你们会发现，在另一个星球上，也存在某种形式生命体

3、中国，发生经济泡沫破裂

4、税收制度的完全废除

5、有57%几率发生一起大规模自然灾害

6、将有另一次大规模UFO目击事件

7、中东地区将开始觉醒

8、暴力事件在一段时间内可能会增加

9、最佳的化解之道

10、关于火星的公告



能力有限，翻译有不到位的地方，望多多包涵

译者微信号：364335790

视频经典，翻译不易，欢迎转发，随心支持

感恩！

图片



All right, I’ll say good day to you, this day of your time. How are you all?

日安！大家好！



Just so so?

你们的掌声就这么一点？



All right, first and foremost, once again we thank each and every one of you, and all of you together for the co-creation of this interaction, the allowance of this transmission in this way.

好！首先，再次感谢大家的参与，共同创造此次交流与互动



We have title this transmission 13 Months And Counting

我们这次传讯题目为：倒数13月



We have previously mentioned, the idea of the fall of your 2016 as when there will be

之前我们提到过，到2016年秋季，你们将经历一系列极大的变革



the beginning of, the process of, even sometimes the ending of great changes.

或开始、或进行中，或是结束



What we wish to point out is the idea that the fall of 2016 is a focal point,

2016年秋季将是一个事件的聚焦点（中心点）



We have previously talked about the span now of your year of 2015 to 2017,

我们之前讨论过，在2015年到2017年到之间



having something to do with the idea of finding information, discovering for a fact that life exists on another planet,

你们将获得相关信息，发现其他星球上存在某种生命体



other than your own in some way shape or form.

而非仅仅地球上有生物



No assumptions need to be made here about what form that is, life is life.

这里不去猜测外星生物的形式，生命就是生命



This may actually happened sooner than you think.

这个发现可能比你预想的要早



The idea then is to understand that 2016 in the fall is a focal point of change,

要明白，2016年秋季将是一系列变革的的聚焦点



a convergence of different paths, different processes,

是一系列不同路径、不同进程的交叉点



And therefore there can be things that can begin to change quite radically as you said,

在这聚焦点，很多事物都将开始彻底改变



before that point, and may continue after that point.

改变可能开始于交叉点之前，也可能这点后还继续



Some will begin at that point, some will not appear to begin at that point,

有些改变看似不是从那时开始



But can eventually be traced back to that timing as the beginning point,

但最终都可追溯到那时是起始点



So something will be obvious. Some things will not be as obvious,

所以，有些事情看起来很明显，而有些看起来没那么明显



But in this span of 2015 to 2017, with 2016 in the fall of the focal point,

在2015年到2017年间，以2016年秋季为聚焦点（集中爆发点）



You'll be able to see the changes as they occur in your life personally

你们会发现，个人会发生诸多改变，



and collectively as a society, cultures, globally

国家社会文明也会在全球性范围发生改变



And we will begin to address the signs to pay attention to

我们将说说一些爆发前的迹象，你们可以关注一下



Now before we do that, again please understand, as we have said many times,

在说之前，请先明白，如我们多次谈到的



Prediction are always sensing of the energy at the time the prediction is made.

所谓预测，是感知预测的当下的能量



Part of the reason giving you sign and indication, and discussing this idea

跟你们说这些迹象与标志，与你们讨论这些情况



is to allow you, again individually and collectively, to decide what to do with this information,

部分原因，是让你们个人与集体，自己决定如何应用这些信息



And whether you want to maintain its momentum and manifest

不论你们是否保持这个发展势头，然后显化它



Or whether you want to actually get active and do something about altering the course

或者你们积极行动起来，做些事情改变这个走向



of some of the things that we may be perceiving now as high probability.

那一些我们目前看来，非常可能发生的事情，就可能发生改变



This is an interactive understanding where your participation is absolutely paramount.

这是一个互动的理解过程，而你们的参与绝对的最重要



So that you can chart a course, as you shift through billions of parallel versions of earth every second

每一秒，你都在亿万个平行宇宙中穿越（10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000次）



You can chart that course in the direction of your preference

你可以指定自己想要前进的方向



Allow you to change and shift your energy in such a manner

以这种方式，不断改变自己的能量



And continue to choose the state of being that is representative of the kind of reality that you prefer,

不断致力于把自己保持在偏好的振频上



Rather than just assuming that anything we have to say about the probability as they stand now

而不假想，我们所说的大概率事件，铁定发生



Must remain fixed, which is not the case.

事实，不是这样的



But we are giving you the opportunity to understand

我们只是创造机会，让你们明白



What the probabilities are?

这些事件，发生的可能性有多大



How we perceive?

我们怎么看



Where the energy is?

爆发的能量在哪里



Where the momentum is?

引发的势能在哪里



What the path is that you're heading down at the moment?

以及当前你们前进路上会遇到什么



So that you can take matters into your own hands

如此，帮助你们把控制权掌握在自己手中



And make decisions and choices that are more in alignment with the reality that you prefer to experience

你们做出的选择和决定，也更容易朝向你们想去的方向



Is this clear? Is this clear?

清楚吗？大家明白吗？



Yes! --Thank you!

明白！--谢谢！



So then, as we have said one of the things, as a sign to watch for, to pay attention to,

如我们所说的，要留心一些情况，你们可以把它们当成“迹象”来看



For things that will bring about, and activate, and initiate, and ignite great changes in your society,

这些事件会引发你们社会的极大变革



Even though some of the things maybe just the beginning.

即使有些也只是刚刚开始



They will amplify, they will magnify

但他们会不断扩大，不断放大



One of them is what we have just said,

其中一个就是我们刚才说的，



sometime in the span and again, perhaps sooner than you think

在这个阶段的某个时间点，可能比你们预期的还要早



It will be discovered, and it will be a factor in your consciousness,

你们会发现，在另一个星球上，也存在某种形式生命体



that life in some form does exist on another planet, other than your own

你们的意识中，也有外星人是存在这一事实



And as we have said when this becomes a fact in your culture.

当这一事实融入到你们的文化中



It will begin to change the mindset of your culture

你们的文化观念也会开始改变



It will open up more possibility,

文化将开启更多的发展可能性



There will be more allowance for the idea of life elsewhere,

人们也将更容易接受，外星人存在，这一观念



And that will help accelerate your energy, your consciousness, your awareness

这一切，有助于强化你们的能量、意识与觉察力



In such a manner as to allow for open contacts to occur in that window

如此，与外星人的公开接触，才能如我们之前说的，



that we originally set of 2025 to 2033 to begin in that window in some fashion

在2025年到2033年间，会以某种方式开始



So the probability now for the discovery in the span of 2015, 2017

这个转变期，从2015年到2017年



with 2016 as the focal point and maybe again sooner than you think

以2016年秋季为聚焦点



The probability of this announcement of the discovery of some form of life on another planet,

公布外星人存在的时间，可能比你们预期的还要早



other than your own is at present 98%

公布的几率为98%



All right! Now there are also are pattern emerging, momentum behind several

现在，你们的社会、自然、文化和经济



other pathways on your planet sociologically, naturally, culturally, economically,

都出现新的发展模式，都有着朝不同方向展的势头



One of the signs to watch for, right now very closely,

一个你们要关注的迹象，近期就会发生的



is the idea of any kind of what you would call a burst in the bubble of the economy of the area on your planet you call China

就是在中国，发生的任何形式的经济泡沫的破裂



Also to watch for in a similar way will be a burst in the bubble of the economy of the area on your planet that you call greece.

另一个迹象，在希腊，发生的类似经济泡沫的破裂



These two, and especially if they happen in close succession,

这两个国家，尤其相继出现经济泡沫破裂时



may herald a 90 percent chance of an economic collapse in several areas on your planet very rapidly thereafter.

可能预示着，有90%的几率，很快其他几个地区，会出现经济崩溃



There is the idea of recovery,

当然，经济也会复苏



But there are also the idea that this will be an opportunity for people to discuss different ways in which monetary exchange may be experienced on your planet

但这也提供一个机会，让人们讨论不同的货币交易方式



The beginnings of a new dialogue and discussion,

从而开启新的货币交易系统的探讨与对话



So that you do not keep repeating these kinds of growth and collapsing cycle

如此，你们便不必重复，起起伏伏的经济发展周期



That you begin to recognize that many other ways to express the concept of exchange in your own life,

你们也会发现其他的许多种交易方式



Whether or not your entire culture adopt this or not is not the case.

但是否被接受采纳，这点倒不重要



This is an opportunity, a void, a kind of opening for the possibility

这是一个机会，一个空档期，一种新的可能性



of experiencing a new understanding of economic growth, of abundance, exchange.

去理解与体验经济的增长，人民的富足，以及交易多样化



The idea is, if these happen, based on the 90% probability for China, 90% probability for Greece,

如果这些情况发生了，中国90%几率，希腊90%几率



Then there is at this point, a 87% probability that your country

那么在2016年秋季，甚至更早



will experience a major collapse somewhere before or around the fall of 2016 in its economic structure.

你们国家，美国，将有87%几率出现经济结构大崩盘



It could be as much as 50%.

这个几率可能也只有50%



Those that are familiar with the idea of these kinds of trends

那些熟悉的人，对于这样的趋势



will understand that that is what you would call a devastating number.

都明白这是一个“毁灭性的数字”



This will require much rethinking

所以，你们要花点时间，在这方面多考虑考虑



But at the same time, something else will also have a higher probability of happening.

但同时，有种情况也极有可能发生



Ironically, because of the collapse if it occurs,

具有讽刺意味的是，由于经济崩溃（如果崩盘）



and this has a high degree of probability of happening on its own anyway.

而且很大可能性，即使不崩盘，这也要发生



And that is the completely removal of your present taxation system.

就是你们税收制度的完全废除



The idea therein is that this had a lot of momentum behind it,

目前，这背后已有强大的势力在推动



And right now has again between a 78 to 87% chance, or probability of occurring within the next couple of your years.

有78%到87%的几率，这事会在几年内发生



This will allow for the growth of your economy to come back more strongly

这将让你们经济强劲复苏



and maybe necessary as a step in order to offset the probable collapse that could occur

也可能是你们防止经济崩溃的必要之举



So in the idea that many people may see the collapse as dyer

很多人把经济崩溃看似大洗牌



There is actually a bold opportunity to restructure your entire system of how you operate economically

实际上，这是一个绝佳的机会，来重组你们的经济系统



And allow yourself for a rapid regrowth, in a way that allows for more flexibility, far more freedom

让你们的经济，可以更自由、更灵活地，快速增长



and far more potential for everyone to experience the idea of more abundance in their lives.

也让每个老百姓，有更大的可能性，过上更富足的人生



Again, not necessarily only with money, with other forms of abundance as well,

当然，富足，不仅仅包括金钱，还有其他形式



Which must be included in the diagram and description and definition of abundance.

你们也该重新定义与描述，所谓的富足了



One moment.

稍等



There is present about a 57% probability in around that time, what you call a large scale natural disaster

在明年秋季前后，有57%几率发生一起大规模自然灾害



that will allow for global mobilization to assist

届时，将动员全球协助



It is not completely definitive exactly where this will take place

这次自然灾害发生在哪里，还不能确定



but the waves are building at this time.

但这股能量波是现在开始的



Waves of energy behind this idea, momentum is building behind the large scale natural disaster.

导致这场大规模自然灾害的势头，这股能量是现在开始涌现的



Whether or not this is a collapse of an ecosystem is not clear,

这是否将导致生态系统的崩溃，这还不能确定



But it will be 57% probable that it will be profound

但有57%的可能性，其影响极其深远



And will awaken many people to the idea of rebalancing things in nature, in a variety of ways.

这也会唤醒许多人，以各种方式与大自然，重新保持平衡



So again, a positive opportunity can arise from what may seem to be a negative experience.

这再一次说明，看似坏事，也会结出好果子



One moment. One moment.

稍等 稍等



There will be also what you have referred to as the major sighting of a UFO with you this time frame by one of our ship.

在这个转变期，将有另一次大规模UFO目击事件



I am referring to myself as what you know to be the Yahyel

我就是你们所说外星民族Yahyel



For again we have shown you our ship,

之前我们向你们展示了我们的飞船



And there will be another sighting of major proportion during this time frame,

接下来，你们将再次大规模地目击我们的飞船UFO



So as to give you another opportunity to decide whether we are real or not better.

再给你们一次机会，让你们决定我们（外星人）是否真的存在



Whether you will include us or not, whether you will move forward or not

不论你们是否认可我们，不论你们是否继续探索



The probability of this is 100%.

这都将100%地发生



In terms of sighting itself, the probability of your response to it, is up to you,

你们对目击事件会有什么反应，这取决于你们，



for that is undecided

因为你们还没决定



But we will give you another shot

但我们会再给你一个机会



To see how you react and respond to this sighting

看看你们对这类事件作何反应



And this will tell us you quite a lot about what you wish to do,

这会让我们明白，你们想做什么



how you wish to interact

以及你们想怎么跟我们接触



This will also be a possible president for certain changes

还会发生一些事情，表示你们改变了



in the revelation of certain information that may come forth toward the end of your 2017

到2017年年底，你们会获取一些我们的信息



About our existence from certain source of that know these things

这些信息会让你们确信我们的存在



And will be finally willing to talk about them,

并且最终愿意谈论外星人



What you would call the first stage,

你所说的信息披露的第一阶段



Just the very first stage of some facet of disclosure will come from an unexpected source, very unexpected

你们对这阶段的来源会觉得意想不到，实在意外得很！



But toward the end of your 2017 maybe into 2018, again,

但至2017年年底，也许2018年年初



very high degree of probability

再强调一下，有很大可能性



that these things will be finally talked about,

这些信息会再次被提上台面



and revealed in such a way as to begin to talk seriously

并作严肃对待、深入探讨



So,we give you that and we await your response.

所以，先说这么多，我们等待你们的回应



Good day!

再见！



Oh, did not I tell you we have a guest?

哦，我没有告诉你我们有客人，是吧？



Surprise!

给你们个惊喜！



The Yahyel will show themself again as a ship, again another major sighting,

Yahyel外星民族将再一次向你们展示他们的飞船

as they have said, give you opportunity to see what you do with that.

如他们所说的，看看你们对这次目击事件会作何反应



So culturally,

在文化上



you will find that there may be a surge of information that will begin to pour into, and out from your Middle East

你们将发现，有大量信息从中东涌入、涌出



that will cause a new dialogue to happen.

这将引发一场新的对话



There will be awakening, the beginnings of the awakening in that area

中东地区将开始觉醒



that will allow for new lines of communication, both outward from there and inward to there,

外界与中东、中东与外界都将出现新的交流渠道



that can begin to very very slightly crack some of the old regime,

中东的政权体系，已经控制该地区相当相当长的时间



the old ways, the old idea that have had their grasp on that area for quite some time

这些旧制度、旧传统、旧思想也将受到轻微的冲击



And many people on your planet will begin to work with these lines of communication

你们很多人也将通过这些交流渠道



to open up new ways of allowing the people on your planet in that area

来帮助中东地区的人民



to express themselves more freely,

帮助他们自由地表达自己



to begin to join, even just a little at first the global community

帮助他们，渐渐融入你们的地球村



in order to move forward in the way that serves your world best

帮助中东地区的发展，也帮助了你们地球的发展



There may be, however, simultaneously much resistance to this in that area

同时，该地区，也可能存在相当的反抗势力



And the probability of violence in the area may still increase for a while,

暴力事件在一段时间内可能会增加



in response, in reaction to this new outbreak of desire for freedom

来抗击、压制人们自由欲望的爆发



And it may as you say in your language get a little bit messy,

用你们的话说，可能是：局势有点混乱



But nevertheless, through the idea of 2017 2018 2019 to 2020,

然而，经过四年，2017年、2018年、2019年到2020年



There will be things resolve in that area that will begin in 2016 in the fall,

从2016年秋季开始，有些问题就会被解决



that can come to fruition in about four of your years

再经过四年的发展



That may allow finally certain beginnings of stabilization

中东局势也许最终会慢慢稳定下来



And at least appearances of peace to happen in the Middle East.

至少表面上看起来是和平的



These will be small at first,

这些迹象刚开始都很小



but you will know the signs if you know how to look for them

但如果知道怎么看，你就会发现它们



Pay attention to the news

要注意新闻



We understand that much of it, is not necessarily accurate

我们知道，你们的新闻，很多报道未必属实



And much of it is not necessarily what you call reporting

甚至一部分都不能称之为新闻报道



But the idea is that a lot of it is,

但大部分还算是



and you can always learn to read between the lines,

而且你们可以在字里行间读出真实情况



But again we can go back to our initial statement.

回到我们先前说的



These thing are not given as absolute and ultimatums and inevitability.

所有这些预测都不是绝对的、不可避免或是最后通牒



These things are given as the energy that exists right now,

它们只是基于目前的能量，而做出来的预言



the one you prefer, get involved, take action

对于你所喜好的，你就参与进去，并付诸行动



And remain, above all, in the state of being that you prefer,

最重要的是，保持在你所偏好的振频上



in order to add to the momentum, add to the degree of probability in which these things can unfold

如此，你不断强化这股势能，不断增加事件发生的可能性



And those things you do not prefer,

而那些你所不喜欢的



again are best resolved by remaining in the state of being you prefer,

最佳的化解之道，就是保持在你所偏好的振频上



and taking those actions in the direction of the ones that you do,

并朝你想要前进的方向，付诸行动



according to the signs that we have now shared with you to

可以参考我们分享的这些迹象



that we perceived to exist in your collective consciousness at this time

这些迹象，是目前我们在你们集体意识中所感知到的



These are a few of the signs,

先前说的，只是一部分



we will discuss this further and open these doors further in another transmission

在未来的研讨会中，我们将继续做深入探讨



But for now absorb these,

但现在，先好好消化这些



and see what your consciousness decides to do about them

看看自己对这些情况，会有什么打算



And decides to do about state of being that you choose to create in your personal lives

并决定，自己将以什么样的状态，去开创自己的人生



that have everything at all to do with acting as an examples to others about what kind of world you truly prefer to have

如何成为一个榜样，向别人展示你想创造的世界



Because even as you shift to billions of the parallel realities every second,

因为即使你每秒都在亿万个平行宇宙中穿越



parallel realities of different version of earth every second,

每秒都在亿万个平行地球中穿越



shifting all the time, to these reality,

在平行宇宙中，时刻不停地穿越



It is still that you are charting a course,

你仍然在绘制行动路线（指明方向）



and can allow each earth that you visit, each earth that you shift to

让你访问过的每个地球



to become more and more and more and more and more reflective of the version that you prefer to see reflected in your life

都变得越来越、越来越像你理想的版本



But you have to make the change within yourself first,

但你内在必须先做出改变



So take these signs, do with some what you will

所以，利用这些迹象，做出你想要的改变



And allow yourself to be reminded that there are 13 months and counting down

同时提醒自己，13个月时间，已经开始倒计时了



So get on board, if that's what you prefer.

所以，如果你想的话，上车吧，



Be on the train you wish to be on.

登上你想去的火车吧（2012年冬至，巴夏用火车与火车站做比喻）



Now all abroad.

好！现在都上车



We thank you for allowing us to share this information with you at this time

感谢大家参与，让我们可以跟你们分享这些信息



And in return for your gift of sharing, we ask in what way now,

作为回报，我们开始提问环节



may we be of service to you with one more slight announcement

在此之前，再透露个小消息



An announcement, an observation of synchronicity

可以说是一个公告，或是一个同步性现象的观察



For as your space agency is about to make an announcement about your planet of mars,

你们的航天局（如NASA），某一天将发布一个关于火星的公告



noticed the timing and the synchronicity that it is happening on a day

那天由于月食，月球看起来会像火星



when your own moon almost looks like mars, because of the eclipse

到时注意发生的时机与同步性事件



That is the kind of signs you can start to equate synchronisticly

这样的迹象，可以帮助你们明白



to understand how things are lining up energetically

同步性事件，是如何在能量上串联在一切的



For there are no accidents.

因为没有所谓的意外



A play is being put on,

一部戏剧在上演



and all you have to do is watch the actors on the stage

你们需要做的全部，就是欣赏舞台上的演员



to understand the meaning that they are radiating.

享受他演绎出来的精彩



You may begin with your questions if you wish.

好吧，现在开始提问
