巴夏：2020年，待在暴风眼！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-12-29
以下是巴夏在12月8日传讯的最新内容



笑笑翻译慢，费时两星期

已尽吾所能，传汝心本意



图片

暴风眼是暴风雨的中心，也是最平静的部分，在中心没有风，通常天空晴朗



图片

图片

图片

暴风眼拍摄的图片







All right, I'll say good day to you this day of your time 

日安！



How are you all! 

大家好啊！



This transmission has been titled 2020, The Eye Of The Storm. 

这次传讯的标题为《2020，暴风眼之年》



We would at this time like to get a little bit serious with you 

现在，我们要和大家聊一点“严肃serious”的东西



Not the star system so much 

倒不是“天狼星Sirus”那么严肃Serious



But have what would amount perhaps to be a Heart-To-Heart 

可以说是“敞开心扉，倾心相谈”的严肃Serious



For what's coming up is very important, in terms of your timing. 

因为即将发生的事，从你们的时机看来，非常重要！



We have said that your year of 2020 is a pivotal point in what you call your history 

我们曾经说过，2020年，是你们历史上的关键年



You are shifting through a very particular moment, crossing a very particular threshold. 

你们正在经历 一个非常特殊的时期，正在跨越 一个非常特殊的门槛



And so at this timing, it is important for certain states of being to be paramount within you 

所以，在这期间，让自己内心保持在的某个特定的状态，非常的重要！



To help you through this time, to help you cross that threshold in a positive and constructive manner 

这能够帮助你，以积极正面的、建设性的方式，度过这段时间，跨过这个门槛



For what comes after will be predicated, very strongly on what you do and who you are in 2020 

因为，2020年之后发生的事，非常大程度上，取决于你在这一年里，你是谁？以及，你做了什么？



We will reinforce the ideas we are about to share with you at the end of this transmission in your holotope meditation in a very particular way 

在此次传讯结尾的全息冥想环节中，我们会用一种非常特殊的方式，将我们接下来要分享的观念，强化到你们意识之中



But for now, we would like each and every one of you to know 

但现在，我们希望你们每一个人都知道：



how important it is for you to truly be yourselves in the coming year. 

在未来的一年里，做真实的自己，有多么地重要！



How important it will be for you to make decisions that are in alignment with your best discernment 

做清晰的抉择，明智的决定，对你来说，有多么地重要！



How important it will be and how important it is for you to remain at the center of the storm 

保持在暴风雨的中心，对你来说，有多么地重要！



Because if I may use some of your colloquial language. 

因为，用一句你们“俗话”来讲



2020 is going to be nuts. 

2020年，真是“见鬼”了（Nuts坚果、疯狂）



It's going to be crazy! 

2020年，会很疯狂的！



And it is of paramount importance that you remain, if you wish to be on a certain train, in the eye of the storm, where it's calm, where peace and solitude rains, 

所以，如果你希望坐上某列火车，如果你希望待在暴风雨的中心，处在一个宁静和平，可以怡然自乐、悠然自得的环境里



where even though you may see the storm raging all around you, swirling around you, thundering and lightning all around you. 

即使你可能看见四周乌云密布、电闪雷鸣、狂风暴雨、席卷八方



It is more important than ever before, and more important than it will be for quite a long time. 

那么，极其重要的，也比以往都重要的多的，并且，在很长一段时间里，也都越发重要的



During this crossing, during this threshold. During this pivotal year 

就是在这个过渡阶段，在这个门槛上，在这个关键一年里



To be at peace within yourself, to be calm within yourself 

保持内心和平，保持心态平静



To be centered within the eye of the storm 

让自己待在暴风雨的中心位置



So we would highly encourage each and every one of you to really take stock of who you really are 

所以，我们强烈鼓励你们每一个人，好好思量一下：你到底是谁？



And what kind of decisions you really choose to make 

你真正选择做什么样的决定？



And how they are or are not in alignment with what you truly wish your world to be. 

以及，它们与你真正希望的世界，是否相符合一致？



We will give you a suggestion that may assist 

我们提供一个建议，可能对你们有所助益



For most of you are at least to some degree familiar with what we have told you about 

因为你们中的大多数人，曾听我们说过，也在一定程度上熟悉：



how our world functions?

我们的世界，是如何运作的？



who we are in simple terms?

我们是什么样的人？



what we stand for?

我们代表着什么？



and what reality we are encouraging you to align with, 

以及，我们一直鼓励着你们，调频到什么样的实相去？



So that you can experience eventually more contact with us and us with you. 

从而使得最终，你们可以与我们有更多的接触，我们也能够更多地与你们接触



It is crucial, critical in this coming year to set the stage, to set the foundation for the years to come after 

那么，在明年，你们就要做好准备、打好基础，因为这非常重要，也非常关键



With the state of being that represents that which is most harmonious with the vibration we have shared with you, that is representative of our reality, 

调整你们的状态，让自己与我们曾分享的、象征着我们的实相的振频，保持着最佳的和谐共振



if you wish to have a reality, to shift to a version of earth where we can interact openly and freely with each other, in beauty, in harmony, in creativity, in love 

只有这样，你们才能在未来的岁月里，穿越到一个与我们能够公开、自由地接触的实相，才能够拥有一个美丽、和谐、充满创造力、充满爱的实相



And to have the ability to look deep within yourselves 

并且，你们还需要深入自己内心，看清自己



And not allow the idea of fear-based opinion to supersede your deep-seated knowledge of who you actually prefer to be, and what kind of a world you prefer to live in 

不要让那些基于恐惧的思想，占据你们对自我的深层次希望（喜好）的认知，也就是，你们希望（喜好）成为什么样的人，以及生活在什么样的世界里



So we encourage you at any time in this coming year, when you allow yourself to stay at peace and be calm in the eye of the storm 

所以，我们鼓励你，在明年的任意时刻，当你身处暴风眼之中，当你心平气和、气定神闲时



To think 

好好想想看：



of what it would be like if you were>如果你是我们中的一员，如果你来自我们的星球，却生活在地球上，那么，你会做什么样的决定？



How would we respond to the things that happened and come up the circumstances and situations and opportunities that will arise in your year of 2020 

如果是我们，将会如何应对2020年地球上发生的事，碰到的情况，遇到的机会？



And to come from that center of balance and peace and calm and solitude and assurance and confidence and knowingness 

静心独处，让自己进入平衡的中心位置，进入和平、宁静、笃定、自信和觉知的状态



And come from there, in your actions, 

然后，以这样的状态出发，去行动



in your relations, in your understanding of others that you may encounter on your journey 

以这样的状态去处理你的（人际）关系，去理解你在这段旅途中可能遇到的其他人



And to not settle for those things that you think in your opinion are the things that would serve when you know in your heart they may not 

不要（委屈自己），勉强接受那些你脑袋认为可能对你有所助益的东西，而事实上，你内心清楚地知道，它们并无助益



Create the vision of the world that you would really prefer to live in 

创造一个“你希望（喜好）生活于其中的世界？”的愿景（发个大愿）



A world that contains the ability to interact with us and other beings like us 

一个让你们能够与我们，以及其他类似我们的存在体，自由交流互动的世界



That contains the ability to expand your senses, instead of contracting them 

一个让你们可以“扩展”你们觉知力的世界，而不是“压缩”你们觉知力的世界



So that you may receive as a more receptive antenna, higher frequency information 

这样的话，你们就会像一个更加灵敏的天线一样，接收到更高频率的信息



By remaining in the center, in the eye of the storm, you will be far more capable of being receptive to the images and the information and the messages that we are always constantly sending 

通过让自己立于中心位置，处在暴风眼之中，你们将极大增强自己的接收能力，完全能够接收到我们持续不断地传送给你们的画面、信息与消息



Remember this! 

记住这句话！



Remember this! 

记住它！



Remember this! 

一定记住它！



And take it to heart. 

并，铭记于心



We

我们



We never leave you. 

我们，从未离开过你们！



It is you that leave us! 

而是你们，（选择）远离我们



So choose the vibration, the frequency, the energy if you wish to have that kind of a world that represents what you believe we would do 

所以，在面对即将到来的暴风雨中可能出现的各种情况时，（想想看）如果我们是你，如果你是我们，你认为，我们会怎么做？



if we were you, if you were us, in all the situations that may arise in the upcoming storm 

如果你想要拥有这样的世界，那么，就选择这个振动，这个频率，这样的能量吧！



Stay in the center 

待在暴风眼的中间



And no matter how it may seem to swirl around you. No matter how scary it may seem. 

不论四周看似多么地“摧枯拉朽、翻天覆地”，不论让人感觉多么地“触目惊心、毛骨悚然”



Be discerning of the vibration of those with whom you associate, of those that you would align with that in no way shape or form represent the world that in your heart of hearts you truly prefer to experience. 

对于那些与你有往来、有联系、频率有所纠缠的人，你要“擦亮眼睛”，明辨出他们是否象征着（符合）你真心实意想要体验的世界



Now, of course, it is always up to you to make the choices that you believe are true for you 

当然了，哪一个才是你认为对自己最为正确的选择，由你自己决定



And we would never tell you to do otherwise, 

我们也绝对不会叫你“另作他选”



All we do is encourage you to understand 

我们所做的，只是鼓励（促进）你们明白：



That if you wish to align with a version of earth that we are aligned with in your future. And have the interactions and the freedom to play among the stars with us 

如果你们想在未来，进入（调频到）一个存在着我们的版本的地球，并且，能够与我们一同在宇宙星系中自由交流，开心玩耍



That you choose to remain in the eye of the storm. No matter what rages around you 

那么，你就需要选择待在暴风眼的中间，而不论四周有多么地“狂风肆虐，暴雨荼毒”



And that you look deep within your heart of hearts 

并且，深入自己的内心，看清自己



And make choices, 

而后，做出选择



Be strong, be courageous and be at peace in the upcoming time, in the crossing of the threshold 

宁静平和地面对即将到来的时光，坚强勇敢地跨过这个门槛



For everything thereafter will take its cue from the seed you plant that year. 

因为，之后发生的每件事，都是从你在这一年所播下的种子中，孕育而生的



We are always magnifying and amplifying the energies through the different vortices of your planet 

通过你们星球上的各个不同的能量涡流中心，我们一直在增强、放大这股（平衡的）能量



to help balance your world and give you a greater opportunity to slide smoothly across that threshold 

帮助平衡你们的星球的能量，给予你们更大的、能够更“顺滑地”度过这个“门槛”的机会



We have been talking about times of transition now for quite some time on your planet 

我们谈论你们星球上发生的“转变时代”，也有很长一段时间了



And as we already have experienced with you things are changing rapidly on your world. 

并且，我们也和你们一同经历了你们世界发生的诸多快速改变



And as we have said they will only get crazier in the year to come. 

正如我们说过的那样，在即将到来的一年里，这些改变，只会变得越发疯狂



So do not make the measure of who you are as a being by what you see swirling around you 

所以，不要以围绕在你周围的人事物，来衡量自己这个人，应该是什么样



Make that measure by who you know you prefer to be 

而是以你知道自己“希望自己成为什么样的人”，来衡量自己



And stay in the center of the eye 

并且，待在暴风眼的中心位置



Where the calmness and the peace in your heart and your mind, your soul, your spirit 

在那里，你将头脑镇静，内心平和，精神笃定，灵魂安宁



will allow you to have the resolve to stand firm in what you know to be true. 

你也将坚定自己的决心，并牢牢地坚守你知道的、真实的、正确的东西



Really true, deep within your soul, deep within your hearts 

（也就是）那些来自你灵魂深处，内心深处的“真理”



So that you can let go of those things that are truly not vibrationally compatible with the world you prefer to create. 

这样的话，你就可以（更容易地）放下那些与你希望创造的世界的振频不相匹配的人事物



There will always be another path. 

一直以来，都存在着另一条道路（出路）



Just because sometimes your choices may seem limited doesn't mean they actually are. 

有时候，你的选择“看似”有限，但你不能因此就认为你的选择“真的”有限



There is always a third alternative!

总存在着第三个选择！



always! 

一直都是如此！



So let yourself be at peace enough

所以，让自己内心足够寂静安宁



 to find it, to see it, to walk it, together in harmony and unison and love. 

你就能找到这个选择，看到这条出路，并与道友们一同和谐喜乐地走上这条道路



We will crystallize this idea again in the meditation at the end of this transmission 

我们会在传讯结束前的冥想环节，将这些观念，再次水晶结构化（晶体化）到你们的意识之中



But for now, we wanted to have this heart-to-heart with you. 

但现在，我们想和你们 以心传心、心心相印 



And if you simply want to allow yourself to simplify everything we have just said 

如果你想“简化”我们刚说的这些



So that you can make your choices, your decisions and discernment more easily 

从而更容易地清晰明辨、做出选择、下定决心



Then once again, I simply remind you 

那么，再一次，我提醒你们：



And it can be any name in this position that is representative of the same kind of energy, of the energy of your higher mind

你所选用的名字，可以是任何名字，它们都象征着同样的能量，也就是你的高我的能量 



It doesn't have to be specifically us 

并不一定得是我们



But if you're confused at any point 

但是，任何时候，只要你感到困惑



If you feel yourself being tugged away from that center at any point. 

只要你感觉自己被拖离了暴风眼的中心位置



Just ask 

那么，你只需要问：



What would the Essassani people do? 

“爱莎莎尼人（巴夏），会怎么做？”



And do that 

并且，就这么做！



And you will be fine and back in the center 

然后，你将一切安好，并回到中心位置



For you know us well enough to know what we would choose 

因为，你们对我们足够了解，知道我们将会如何选择！



Up to you. 

这一切，都由你自己决定哦！



We thank you for allowing us to have this heart-to-heart with you 

感谢大家的允许，让我们可以与你们“促膝谈心，赤诚相聊”



And in return for that gift, we ask how may we continue to be of service to you now in your dialogues and question 

作为回礼，我们非常乐意，在接下来的对话环节，继续为大家服务！



Please begin as you so desire 

请随心开问！