巴夏：不管风吹浪打，胜似闲庭信步
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-10-27


问：

Hello, Bashar!

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, good day!

你好，日安！



问：

So in the recent past, you greatly encouraged us to get out and vote as a means of changing our trajectory toward a problem or a similar fate as your civilization.

前段时间，你强烈鼓励我们去投票，用实际行动改写我们的人生轨迹，避免走向某些问题或类似你们文明的命运（？）



In memory, we had election like in the 80s where, we voted and then there was some shenanigans and paper were missing...

记忆中，我们80年代的那次选举，我们投票后发生了一些恶作剧，如文件丢失等



巴夏：

Shenanigans?

“恶作”剧？



问：

Shenanigans!

恶作剧！



And all sorts of whatever that, 

恶作、丑闻之类的事件



we're not exactly sure that what we actually put down and voted for actually happened in the way we wanted to happen

我们也不能确定，我们所写的、所投票的，是否如我们所愿那样发生了



巴夏：

Well, it happened in some version of earth.

那确实发生在某个版本的地球中



Are you in that one or some other version?

你在那个版本中吗？还是说，你在其他版本中呢？



问：

Well, I'm in the one that full of shenanigans, I guess.

我想，我是在一个充满了“恶作”的版本中



巴夏：

But maybe not.

但也许不是这样哦



Maybe you only observe the one that was full of shenanigans, but believed you are in that one when you didn't have to be in that belief

也许，你只看到了一个充满恶作的版本，你只是相信了自己身处这样的版本中，可是，你也可以改变自己的信念，不再相信



You could have seen it and said this is not the reality I prefer and therefore started acting like you were no longer in that reality

你可以在看到“恶作”之后，说：“这不是我所喜好的世界”，然后，开始表现的像是你已经不在那样世界中了



问：

Would that could change the results of the election?

这样做，会改变选举的结果吗？



巴夏：

It would change your experience.

它会改变你的经历



You see, this is very important to wrap your mind around when you truly understand what we're saying about how your shifting all the time.

要完全弄清楚这个问题，非常重要一点是，你需要你真正理解我们所说的“你一直在改变”这个理念



If there is really no purpose anymore in you perceiving something from a reality you don't prefer, you won't perceive it.

如果你在你不喜欢的现实世界中，看到某个你不喜好的事物，而它对于你，也不再有任何目的、意义，那么，你就再也感知（看）不到它



If you're still perceiving it, then maybe there's still some information there that can be to your benefit or a lesson to be learned from it that helps guide you in the direction you do prefer,

而如果你仍然感知（看）到它，那说明，它可能还带有某些能助益你的信息，或者你能从中学到某些功课，从而帮助你，引导你走向你所喜好的方向



But the point is, you can and are capable of shifting yourself and redefining yourself at any given moment to such a degree that you might literally instantaneously experience a different reality.

但关键是，你可以，也有能力，在任何时刻重新定义自己、转变自己，以至于可能让你瞬间穿越到（经验到）一个不同的现实世界（实相）



Don't judge yourself or invalidate yourself if you don't

如果你没做到的话，那请不要评判自己或者否定自己



But the idea is that you are always in a new reality

真实情况是，你每时每刻都在全新的实相中



Always.

一直都是！



As we said, billions of time per second

正如我们所说，你每秒穿越亿万次不同的平行世界



So the idea is to simply wrap your mind around how you wish to use what happens.

所以，简单来说，就是你只需要弄清楚：你想要如何利用所发生的事



Remember

请记住：



It doesn't matter what happens.

发生了什么事，不重要



It only matters what you do with what happens.

唯一重要的是，你对所发生的事，做了什么？



That makes the difference in your reality.

那才会给你的世界，带来改变（不同）



So don't base your state of being on what's happening

所以，不要让自己的状态（心情）建立在所发生的事上



Just be the state of being you prefer and behave the way you prefer to behave,

你只需要保持在自己喜好的状态，按照你喜欢的方式去行事



No matter what you perceive, even if it's something you don't prefer

而不论你感知（看）到了什么，即使是某些你不喜欢的东西



Otherwise you're just matching the frequency of that thing by saying: It affects me that this happened

否则，你就匹配到了这件事的频率，而后说：“它的发生，影响我了！”



No, it doesn't, until you agree that it does.

不，才没这回事呢！只有你同意它影响你了，它才会真正影响到你



Is this helping?

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Well! OK!

哇呜！好吧！



巴夏：

Was that a yes?

你是说“是”吗？



问：

Yes!

是的！



巴夏：

But...

但是……什么？



问：

And then here we go again with the same situation, just ignore?

但是，当出现同样情况的时候，我们该怎么做呢？忽视吗？



巴夏：

No! No! We're not saying ignore

不！不！我们可没说“忽视”



We're saying observed and learn and act in the direction you prefer. Take the actions you are capable of taking in the direction and in the state of being you prefer to.

我们说的是：观察、学习，并朝你喜好的方向行动，朝你喜好的方向，以你喜好的状态，去行动，去做你能做的、需要做的事



That's what were saying.

这才是我们说的意思



Remember, anything can serve double duty

请记住：任何事物，都能起到双重作用



图片



I'll put it in the way that I put it before generically so that you understand

我用以前说过的、通俗的例子来讲，你就好理解了



We already told you that we sense the build up that everything would change in your year of 2016.

我们曾经跟你们说：我们感知到，（由于能量的累积）在你们的2016年，一切都会改变



Clearly it did.

很显然，确实如此



But the idea can be looked at from any particular point of view.

但是，你可以从任何特定的角度，看待同一事件



You can say

你可以说：



All right. This is something I don't prefer. But I can look at it in a different way too

“好吧！我真不希望发生这样的事，但我也可以从不同的角度看待它”



Well, we were sort of swimming down a gentle stream, all smooth

我们就像是在宁静的河面上漂流，水波不兴，缓慢而行


And then suddenly something really unexpected happened

然后，突然发生了一些意想不到的事



And now we're in the rapids.

现在，我们被卷进激流中，只身面对惊涛骇浪”


The fact that something so unexpected happened means anything can happen

实际上，完全意料不到的事情都发生了，那说明：任何事情都可能发生



All bets are off.

所有的赌注都押上了（你只能背水一战）



You've unlocked from the idea of any particular thing having to happen

你已经“脱钩”了原先“某件事必定会发生”想法



So use that momentum to your advantage.

因此，好好利用这一势头，增强你的优势



Because if you're in the rapids but you learn how to ride the rapids

因为，如果你在急流中，并且，你学会了如何驾驭急流



What happens?

那么，会发生什么呢？



You get downstream faster than you ever would've before.

你会比以往任何时候，都能更快地到达下游



So use the energy in the way you prefer to, not necessarily in the way others are using it

所以，用你喜欢的方式，使用这股能量，并不一定要按照其他人的使用方式



You have that power, apply it

你有这样的能力，好好运用它



Is this helping?

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes! Wonderful! Thank you very much!

是的！叹为观止！非常感谢您！



巴夏：

Thank you!

谢谢！

