巴夏：世界以你为中心
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-05-31
Everything 

一切



Everything you conceive of becomes a reality on some level. 

任何你能想象到的，在某个层面上，都已经是实相



Everything you conceive of exists. 

任何你能想象到的，都已经存在



And everything that does exist, you are capable of conceiving of. 

而存在的任何东西，你都能想象的到



All realities, all dimensions, are like being surrounded by an infinite number of mirrors facing you. 

所有的实相，所有的维度，看起来就像是，无数个镜子对着你，把你围在里面



Any direction could be picked, could be chosen by you, and it would all amount to the same thing—finding another reality. 

你可以选择任何一个方向，而所有的方向都导向同一个结果：找到另一个实相



You can open any door, walk through and find another reality anywhere you look. 

你可以打开任何一扇门，穿过之后，朝任何地方望去，你都会发现一个新的实相



There is no end. 

无穷无尽



Therefore, wherever you are can be considered the center,

所以，不论你在那里，你所在之地，都可以认为是“中心点”



because all directions from you are infinite; 

因为你面前有无数个方向，每个方向的距离都是无限之远



and, therefore, if you wish to put it this way, they are all the same distance. 

所以，你也可以认为，每个方向的距离都是一样的



No one spot really is any more "The" center than any other spot; 

没有哪个位置是比其他位置更“中心”



no one spot is really more the end, or the edge, than any other spot. 

没有哪个位置是比其他位置更靠近“终点”或者“边缘”



No one reality is actually any more or less "real" than any other reality. 

没有哪个实相，是比其他实相更“真实”，或者不如其他实相“真实”



Everything is the same one thing; the same one thing manifesting in all the simultaneous, multidimensional ways that it can manifest. 

每个事物，都是“同一个事物”，且都是“同一个事物”（以祂所能）同时地、多维度地、全部显化出来的



It does not need a reason to do this; 

祂这么做，无需理由



it does it because that's what it is. 

祂这么做，因为祂就是这样滴！



It is Existence itself; 

祂就是“存在”本身



it is Creation itself. 

祂就是“造物主”本身



Its nature is to simply continue to create, forever. 

祂的本质，就是创造，简简单单、永无止境、持续不断地创造



No beginning, no ending. 

没有开始，也没有结束



Always "Here and Now" forever. 

一直都是“此时此地”，永远都是



You can always bring yourself back at any time you desire to the neutral state of Existence—where all realities are equal without built in meaning. 

任何时候，只要你想，你都能把自己带回到“存在”（神）的中性状态，在这种状态下，所有实相都是平等的（一视同仁），都是“无意义的”



以下翻译文字是译者意淫的，可看可不可，建议看英文原文，欢迎能者翻译留言 ^_^



Allow yourself to understand that no one place needs to stand out more than any other place,

要明白，没有哪个地方比其他地方更出众



 and at any time you decide to create a specific focus, that reality will come into being for you. 

任何时候，只要你决定对某个实相予以特别关注，那么这个实相就会为你而来



But it is no more likely to remain, and no less likely to remain than any other reality you could be experiencing. 

但相比于你体验到的其他实相，它也不会“停留”得更长，或者更短



Only your choice to give it more solidity creates it to seem more solid. 

只有你决定给予它更多的“固体性”，那它才能看起来更“坚固”

阅读 5319