巴夏：人间天堂
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-06-14


问：

Hi, Bashar! 

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, goo day! 

你好，日安！



问：

Thank you for being here today 

谢谢你今天的到来！



What is the highest potential for human experience? 

人类能够经历到的 最高层次的体验，是什么？



巴夏：

The fourth density experience 

第四密度（次元）的体验



Which means you can experience the concept that you sometimes euphemistically referred to as Heaven On Earth. 

有时候，你们把这种体验，委婉地称之为“人间天堂”，也就是说：



Everyone absolutely having what they need when they needed 

每个人都能够在他需要的时候，获得他所需要的东西



In absolute harmony with every aspect of your experience 

都能够 与他经历中所涉及到的各个方面  和谐共处



Being full-fledged expressions of creation in the way that is unique for you to express 

都能够以自己独一无二的方式，完整地表达造物（主）的创造性



It's how our civilization functions. 

我们的星球文明，就是这么运作的



We operate on what we call pure synchronism. 

我们把这种运作方式，称之为“纯粹的同步性”



Everyone is exactly where they need to be, when they need to be there 

每个人都是在他需要的时候，准确地“在”他所需要的“在”的地方



Interacting with exactly who they need interact with at exactly the right moment 

在绝对正确的时刻，与真正需要互动的人 进行互动



Getting exactly what they need, In perfect exchange, In perfect harmony, In perfect timing. 

在完美的时机，以完美和谐的方式，进行完美的交换，从而获得他所真正需要的事物



It's a choreography 

这是一段（完美的）舞蹈



It's an orchestration 

是一首（完美的）演奏曲



It's automatic. 

并且，它是自动运作的



That's all there is to it. 

如此而已



It's like living in a dream 

你就像是“活在梦中”一样



Because you start to realize that physical reality is a dream 

因为你开始意识到，物质实相就是一个梦



And that you can have manifestations that you would have in the past simply recognize as magical. 

并且，你能够显化出 过去的你认为是“神奇”的事物



But you see, as we have often said 

但是，就像我们经常说的



Miracles are not the exception 

奇迹，不是“例外”



Miracles are the natural order of things, 

奇迹，是万物运作自然规律



Not experiencing them is the exception. 

体验不到奇迹，才叫“异常”



So you are giving up being the exception. 

所以，你们在逐步地释放“奇迹是例外”的信念



And going into the flow of creation in a more natural way 

并且，以更自然的方式，进入造物（主）的“创造之流”



Beginning to realize that surrender is not giving up control 

你们开始意识到：臣服，不是放弃控制



Surrender is allowing the control you already have to express itself more freely. 

臣服，是你，允许“你已经拥有的控制”能够更加自由地自我表达



It's understanding that going with the flow means that the current already knows where you need to go 

臣服，是你明白：“顺流”真正意思，是“水流”已经知道你需要去哪里



Instead of swimming upstream with resistance 

而不是迎着阻抗，逆流而上



Because the physical mind thinks it knows what's best. 

因为你们的头脑（物质心智）认为：它知道什么才是最好的



The physical mind isn't designed to know that 

但头脑的任务，不是用来知道“什么才是最好的”



The physical mind doesn't have a clue. 

你们的头脑，对此，一无所知



Well, now and then maybe a hint 

好吧，有时候它可能也会“灵光一现”



But the physical mind is only designed to experience what’s happening 

但头脑的作用，只是用来体验当下所发生的事情



The higher mind is designed to know what needs to happen 

只有高我知道 需要发生什么



In order to bring to your physical individual experience as a personality everything you need in your life that is relevant for you 

才能够给物质实相中的你，带来你的体验所需要的一切相关事物



in order to experience the fullness of your being in complete and total joy and ecstasy 

从而让你能够完整地体验到“生而为人”乐趣与狂喜



That is the potential in all of you should you choose to awaken to it 

如果你们选择 觉醒于这样的认知，那么，这就是你们每个人身上都拥有的可能性



Does that answer your question? 

这是否回答了你的问题呢？



问：

Yes, thank you, it's beautiful! 

是的，回答得很美！谢谢！