巴夏：你们并不在同一个世界中
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-08-13


问：

Given our current situation here on our planet with things have a lot of upheaval at the moment, what is your advice...? 

对于我们星球上目前诸多动荡的局面，你有什么建议吗？



巴夏：

You're only assuming that you're on the same planet. 

你只是认为你们在同一星球上



Remember that just because you can see something that is representative of a reality you don't prefer 

虽然，你能观察到某些人事物，看见某些事情的发生，而它们象征着非你所喜好的世界



Doesn't mean that you're actually sharing that reality just because you can observe it. 

但请记住：这并不意味着，你真的就和他们“共享”着那个现实世界



问：

OK! 

好吧！



巴夏：

There are an infinite number of parallel versions of earth that exists simultaneously. 

无数个平行版本的地球，同时存在着



For now, most of you will see some of those different versions that may not necessarily be the ones you prefer, that doesn't mean you live in it. 

现在，你们大多数人会看到 其中一些 可能不是你们所喜好的版本的地球，但这并不意味着 你们也生活在这样的地球中



It just means you're capable of observing them through what we would euphemistically call a Glass Wall. 

你们只是透过“玻璃墙”而能观察到它们（玻璃墙，是我们委婉的称呼）



So just because you can see through the glass wall doesn't mean that anything they do can reach you through the glass wall 

你能够透过玻璃墙看到他们，并不意味着，他们所做之事，能够穿过玻璃墙而影响到（触及）你



So just continue to take the actions, learning from what you observe from others 

所以，你只需要继续你的行动，从你对他人的观察中学习



And being the living example that they might be able to see through their side of the glass wall that lets them know there might be another option other than the ones that are already considering or choosing. 

这样的话，他们也许能够透过他们那一面的玻璃墙，而看到你这个活生生的行动榜样，从而让他们知道：除了他们目前所考虑的或选择的，其实还有其他的选项



And then ultimately you will each navigate yourselves through whatever version of earth is most representative of the state of being that you believe is most relevant for you, positive or negative 

最终，你们都将载着自己，驶向你们相信的最与你相关、最能呈现你的状态的平行版本的地球，不论是积极正面的，还是消极负面的



But it's not one planet. 

但并不是只有一个地球



Does that help? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes! That helps a lot. Because I would really like to be of service. 

是的！非常有帮助！因为，我真的很想为他人服务



巴夏：

Then be your best self 

那么，你就只需做最好的自己



Because then you set the example for what others can do for themselves as well. 

因为，这样的话，你为他人立树了榜样，他们为了自己的好，也就可以学习你的做法



You can share whatever information synchronicity shows you is relevant for you to share. But please do remember whatever anyone does with that information that you share with them is none of your business 

你可以分享任何同步性（引导你去）分享的相关信息，但请务必记住：对于你所分享的信息，不论其他人有什么反应，都不关你的事



Because it doesn't really matter 

因为，这真的不重要！



Because they're gonna decide what version of earth they're gonna experience

他们将体验到哪个版本的地球，由他们自己决定



And it may not be the same version of you, but that's all right. 

可能不会跟你的版本一样，但这也没关系！



Remember, you're all infinite and eternal beings. 

（因为）请记住：你们都是无限永恒的存在



There's no hurry 

不要急于一时！



Something that is not learned today will be learned tomorrow 

如果今天没学到，还可以明天学！



Or a year from now, 

或者，一年后再学！



Or a millennia from now 

或者，一千年以后再学！



问：

Thank you, Bashar! 

谢谢你，巴夏！



巴夏：

You're welcome 

不客气！