巴夏：你在镜子里，看见什么？
原创 你 巴夏Bashar 2017-05-11

问：

Hello again 

再Hello！



巴夏：

And to you good day 

你好，日安！



问：

Since the theme is Mirror Mirror 

由于今天的主题是“镜子 镜子”



I was wondering like why we humans can see our feet and toes

这让我想到：为什么我们人类能看见自己的脚和脚趾头



But when it comes to our face, we can only see a little part of our nose and the rest is in the mirror? 

能看到鼻子的一小部分，而脸的其他部分，得通过镜子才开看见呢？



巴夏：

Because you need to see yourself through other eyes 

因为你需要“其他眼睛”才开看见你自己



You need to see yourself through other’s eyes

你需要“其他人的眼睛”才开看见你自己



Because everyone is a reflection for your if you know how to look 

如果你知道怎么看的话，那你会发现，其实每个人都是为你而存在的“反射影像”



So looking in the mirror reminds you that everyone else you look at is in some way shape or form, even if they don't look identical, a mirror reflection that gives you more understanding about yourself. 

所以当你照镜子时，就是在提醒你：你见到的每个人，虽然看起来不一样，但他们都是某种形式的你的“镜面反射”，让你可以更清楚的了解你自己。



That's why 

这就是为什么！



问：

So when I look in the mirror, actually what I see is what I see in other people? 

就是说，当我照镜子时，我所看见的，其实就是我在其他人身上所看见的？



巴夏：

What I'm saying is, when you look at other people, you're seeing yourself in another form. 

我说的是，当你看着其他人时，你看到的是另一种形态的你



问：

And when I look in the mirror, what do I see? 

那当我照镜子时，我看到的是什么？



巴夏：

You are seeing an opportunity to decide whether you are in the state you prefer to be in or not. 

你看见的是一个机会，让你决定，你是否处在你所喜好的状态



And, in actual fact. 

而实际上



Now this is a bit esoteric for many of you 

目前，对很多人来说，这话可能有点深奥



But I'll say it anyway. 

但我还是说了吧



It doesn't always happen this way 

实际发生的情况，并非都是这样



But you actually are looking into a parallel reality 

但你所看的，其实是一个平行实相



That is so identical 

它跟你所在的实相如此相似



You think it's a reflection of you 

以至于你认为：那是你的“反射影像”



Because they're doing exactly the same thing at the same time. 

因为你们在同一时间，做着完全一样的事情



That's actually what a mirror is 

而这才是镜子的真正本质



Not only does it actually reflect light back to you from your reality. 

它不仅把你的实相中的光反射给你



It actually has another component where information and light is coming to you from a parallel reality that is almost identical to yours 

它所拥有的另一个组件，能够让“来自另一个和你的实相几乎一样平行实相”的光和信息来到你的实相中



So that you can understand that this is going on 

这样，你就可以知道当下所发生的事



As your senses expand, you will begin to perceive this more and more 

随着你的感知能力不断扩展，你所感知到的光和信息，会越来越多



And there's a way to use this 

你还能够使用它们



And start communicating with that parallel self in the mirror in many different ways that are very interesting. 

并且，你还可以通过许多种不同、且非常有趣的方法，和镜中平行实相的“你”进行沟通



We won't go into all of that yet 

这些内容，我们先不说



But we will give you this first hint 

先给你们这个提示，就是：



That that is actually, aside from a reflection another being in a parallel reality that looks almost identical to the way you think you look 

你在镜中所看到的，除了一部分是你的实相的反射影像，还包含另一个在平行实相的人。这个人的长相，和你所认为的“你的长相”，几乎一模一样。



And they are getting the same thing from you 

并且，他也从你身上获得同样的东西



We will go into this and the techniques or permission slips that may help work this out for you at another time. 

具体内容，以及那些可能帮助你们的方法或意识许可，我们以后再做分享



Just wanted to drop the hint 

现在，先提示这么多



问：

That's sound very interesting and exciting. 

这听起来非常有意思，非常令人兴奋啊！



巴夏：

It is 

确实如此！

