巴夏：呼吸带进的能量
笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2015-12-21




Please remember

谨记 谨记



This is very important to remember all of you,

这很重要，你们都要记住



Our civilization is not doing anything more than you're doing.

我们并没有比你们多做什么事情



We create our own reality, you create your own reality.

我们创造我们的世界（实相），你们创造你自己的世界（实相）



It's just that we are aware that we're doing so.

只是我们觉察到我们“在”做的（佛者，觉也）



So the only difference between what we experience in our civilization,

所以我们在我们的 世界/文明 所体验的



And what you experience in your lives, in your civilization

跟你们在你们的 生活/文明/世界 所经验的



Is not a difference that were doing something different,

若有所区别的话，不在于所做的事情不同



It's the degree of awareness that you have that you're doing the same thing that we are.

而在于，你们多大程度上，意识到我们俩做的事情都一样



That's the difference.

这是我们之间的唯一区别



So the more you are more aware of who you are

所以，你越是清楚你自己的真实身份



And how you're creating your reality through your belief systems,

越是明白，你是通过你的信念系统，来创造你的世界/实相



Then the more you will see

那你就越能看清世界，看清自己



That you are always in control of whatever it is that you experience in life

明白你控制着你的世界，控制着你的人生体验



Yes? Yes!

明白吗？--明白！



And to you good day.

你好！



Good day to you too, thank you.

你好，谢谢！



Thank you for your teachings

谢谢你的教导！


问：

I am curious about the breath exercise that you just did,

我对你刚才教的呼吸练习，很感兴趣



And I do a lot of work with people and work on myself quite a lot.

我自己做了很多呼吸练习，也教了很多人



And am wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the power of the breath to create transformation

我想，你能否跟我们说说，呼吸对个人进步与转变的帮助



And how I can use it in my work with people who have experienced trauma and suffering

以及如何将其运用到工作中，从而能帮助那些经历过身心灵痛苦的人



巴夏：

Well again, allowing them to go into the meditative state, through this style of breathing,

通过这种呼吸方式，引导人们，进入冥想状态



Which sometimes is referred to as meditative breathing or yogic breathing.

这种呼吸方式，或称之为冥想呼吸法，或为瑜伽呼吸法



It has many different functions in that sense,

它有很多不同的功效



But as we said it energizes the body.

就像我们说的，它能给身体注入强大的能量



It brings that in which supports the body more fully,

这些能量，能帮助身体机能，更和谐完整地运作



To allow the person to feel more stabilized, more supported by that energy

让人的状态更平和安宁，更能感觉到自己是被加持的



And more connected to the idea of the higher levels of their being in their own consciousness.

更容易进入内心，与自己的高我获得连接



It fills them up in that sense, in a very different way

它能以一种非常不同的方式，把人的能量注满



That allows them to feel like they're riding a wave that

这让他们感觉，自己的人生像是“乘风破浪”



And floating through an experience

“顺风顺水”（轻舟已过万重山）



Rather than having to push the wave through, or fighting against the current

而不是“风吹浪打”、“逆流而上”（还自欺“闲庭信步”）



Does that make sense?

明白了吗？


Yes, it does! Thank you

明白！谢谢！



阅读 1284
