巴夏：地球是个大炼炉
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-11-18 11:11


问：

Good day, Bashar! 

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, good day! 

你好，日安！



问：

I live in New York city. And I have a lot of love for the city. 

我住在纽约市，我非常爱这座城市



I see a lot of beautiful interactions between people of all walks of life. I also see some very negative behavior. Some very negative interaction. 

在这里，我看到各式各样的人“和睦相处”，也看到一些非常负面的行为，一些人的非常负面的互动



巴夏：

Of course! 

那是当然了！



Because you have overlapping realities. 

因为，你们的现实世界是相互交叉重叠的



You are going to see realities that you don't prefer. You are going to see realities that you do prefer. 

你既会看到你不喜欢的世界，也会看到你所喜欢的世界



You are a world that is a melting pot and overlapping of many different kinds of choices. 

你们的世界，就像一个大“熔炉”，汇聚（叠加）了诸多不同的选择



That's what earth is all about. 

地球，就是这样！



图片



问：

I was hoping you could provide me with some more tools, tricks, permission slips. 

我希望，你能和我多分享一些工具、技巧，或自我意识许可



I find myself running through some like negative thoughts. 

我发现，我脑中时不时地闪过一些负面的想法



巴夏：

Why? 

为什么呢？



问：

Just as I perceive some negative behavior. 

当我看到一些负面行为的时候，我会有这样的想法



巴夏：

Oh, all right! 

好的！



Then do you understand that you're adding to that negativity? 

那你知道，你的这些想法，增加了这些行为的负面能量吗？



Is that what you prefer to do? 

你喜欢这样吗？



问：

It is not! 

不喜欢！



巴夏：

Well, then why do you add to it? 

那么，你为何又“火上添油”呢？



问：

That is what I would like some help in that regard. 

正因如此，我才想从你这里获得一些帮助



巴夏：

All right! 

好嘞！



Do you understand that that is not necessarily your reality just because you can see it? 

你是否明白吗：这些现象，虽然你能看见，但它们并不属于你的世界？



问：

Yes. 

我知道



巴夏：

Are you sure? 

你确定吗？



问：

Not 100% ! 

不是100%确定



巴夏：

Thank you for being honest! 

谢谢你诚实回答！



问：

I'm under the impression that if.... 

我想……是不是……



I know you share this yesterday which actually sheds more light on it and I haven't had the time to really process it, 

我记得你昨天说过，对于负面事件，给它们多发送一些光，这些理念，我还需要花点时间好好消化一下



But as we grow further into the light, we see more of the darkness. 

但随着我们不断成长，不断走入“光明”之中，我们会看到更多的“黑暗”



巴夏：

Of course! 

当然了！



As you expand your consciousness, you're going to be more aware of darkness and light. 

随着你不断扩展你的意识，你会越来越觉察到黑暗与光明



It doesn't mean it has to affect you or you have to choose it. 

但这并不意味着你会受到影响，或者，你必须选择它们



You just become more aware that it's there as a choice. 

你会更加觉察到：它们的存在，只是你的一个选择而已



Because you become more aware of everything within All That Is,  

因为，你变得越来越觉察到存在于 一切所是/宇宙 之中的万事万物



which has a trinity in it, light, dark and the balance point in the center 

而一切所是/宇宙/神，是三位一体的，祂包含了光明、黑暗，以及中间的平衡点



Therefore becoming more aware of it doesn't mean you have to react to it. 

所以，对负面的越来越觉察，并不意味着你就必须对它们做出反应



It's just an observation. 

它们仅仅是你的一个观察而已



And if you really want help, being in a positive state is what gives someone behaving negatively, at least an opportunity or an option to change their energy. 

并且，如果你真的想帮忙，那么，把自己保持在积极正面的状态，至少为那些有负面行为的人，提供了一个改变了他们能量的机会或选项



But if you're also reacting negatively to it, you're only reinforcing something they're already doing. 

但是，如果你“以毒攻毒”，用负面行为“硬杠”他们的负面行为，那么，你只会强化他们所做之事



Why would you prefer to do that? 

你为什么想这样呢？



问：

I do not prefer to do that. 

我不想这样！



巴夏：

Then do you also remember what we said about the idea that 

那么，你是否还记得我们分享过的一个理念，就是：



You can give someone an option, you can share an idea that you believe might give them an opportunity to change into something more positive. 

你可以为他人提供一个选择，你可以与他人分享你的观点，如果你觉得这么做，可能会带给他们一个正向转变的机会



But do you also remember that we said that whatever it is they do with what you share with them is none of your business. 

但是，你是否也记得我们说的：对于你所分享的东西，不论他们怎么做，都不关你的事



问：

I do recall. Thank you! 

我确实记得，谢谢！



巴夏：

Then why are you making it your business? Why are you choosing something you say you don't prefer to do as an energy state? 

那么，你又为何“多管闲事”？你为何又选择做那些你不喜欢的事情，又让自己进入不喜好的能量状态呢？



There must be a reason! 

肯定有某种原因，才会让你这么做的！



You never do anything, you never choose anything that you don't believe serves you in some way 

你永远不会做某件事，或者，选择某个事物，除非你相信它们在某些方面能够助益到你



So you have to find out what that belief is that says that doing what you don't prefer to do is actually what you prefer to do 

所以，你必须找到，是什么信念，在对你说：做你不喜欢做的事情，才是你真正想做的事



You have to find out why it would seem to make sense to do that 

你必须找出：是什么原因，让你觉得这么做才“合情合理”



Because that's the only reason you would choose to match a negative vibration when you experience a negative vibration or observe one. 

因为，只有这个原因，才会让你 在经验到，或者看到负面振动（能量）时，选择与这个振动（能量）相匹配（调频一致）



It must make sense, it must seem to make sense for you to choose to do that 

只有在你觉得这么做“似乎”合情合理的时候，你才会选择这么做



You have to find the belief that makes that seem to make sense 

所以，你必须找到这个让你产生这种“错觉”的信念



Because you know that if you really understood what that belief was saying, it wouldn't make sense at all 

因为，你知道：如果你真的明白这个信念所跟你说的话，那么，它的这些话，根本就毫无道理



But you have to bring that belief into the light of your consciousness to know what it's saying, so you can see that it makes no sense 

但是，你必须把这个信念，带入你的意识之光中，你才能知道它到底在说什么，这样，你才能明白，它毫无道理



And once you see that it makes no sense, it's gone. 

而一旦你发现它毫无道理，那它就消失了



But as long as you keep choosing to do that, you have a belief that is making it makes sense to do something you don't prefer. 

但是，只要你还选择这么做，那么，你肯定还有一个信念，让你觉得：做这件你不喜欢的事情，才是理所当然，合情合理的



Because more often than not that belief is saying: If you stop doing this, if you let me go as a negative belief, something worse will happen. 

因为，大部分情况下，这样的信念都是在跟你说：“如果你停止这么做，如果你把我当做一个负面信念‘丢弃掉’，那么，就会有更糟糕的事情发生”



So it's trying to scare you into not letting the negative belief go, letting you think and believe that it's safer to hold on to the negative belief you have, rather than experiencing something even worse if you were to change 

所以，负面信念会吓唬你，为的是不让你把它放手掉，为的是让你相信，带着它才是更安全的做法，（而不是改变），并且如果你要改变的话，那么，你就会体验到更糟糕的事情



You have to see through these things as simply the way that negative beliefs choose to reinforce themselves. 

你需要看透，这些行为，只不过是负面信念为了强化自己的存在，而使用的“伎俩”



They don't have a choice about it in that sense, it's just the way they're designed. 

从这个意义上讲，它们也是“别无他选”，因为，它们就是这样被设计的（这就是它们的使命）



They have to perpetuate themselves somehow by making you believe that those choices are real, are factual. 

它们不得不用些“手段”，让你相信它们给的选择才是真实的、符合实际的，从而延续它们自身的存在



Instead of just nothing more than a perspective, which is all they really are. 

其实，那些什么都不是，本质上它们仅仅是“视角”而已



Is any of this helping? 

这些话，对你有点帮助吗？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



巴夏：

Are you sure? 

你确定吗？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



图片



巴夏：

So if you were to investigate yourself and see that there is a belief within you that is saying 

所以，当你检视自己，发现内在有个信念在跟你念叨：


that when you observe something you don't prefer, when you observe somebody doing something negative that you must also go into a negative state. 

当你看到某个你不喜好的事物，当你看见某人在做着负面的事情，那么，你也必须进入负面的状态



How does that make sense to you? 

对于类似这样的话，你是怎么理解的？



What belief would you have to have for that to make sense for you to think you're getting a benefit by doing that when you know you're not? 

是什么样的信念，会让觉得这么做才合情合理，会让你从中获得助益？虽然你也很清楚，事实并非如此



What would the belief have to be? 

这个信念，到底是什么呢？



Use your imagination. 

请发挥你的想象力



问：

That I am somehow responsible for the negative behavior or 

对于这些负面行为，我负有一定的责任，或者……



巴夏：

How could that be? 

这怎么可能呢？



问：

Or it's a reflection of of my negative behavior. 

或者，它们反映出了我的负面行为



巴夏：

All right! 

好吧！



You can always look at anything and you can always take a moment to say 

对于任何你看到的事物，你都可以花点时间反思一下：


All right. Is this reflecting something to me that I need to understand? 

“这个事物，这是否反映出某些我需要明白的道理？”



Something that I need to balance in my life? 

“这种情况，是否反映出我人生中需要平衡的某些东西？”



But you also get to decide if you're honest with yourself, that it may not! 

但是，如果你对自己足够诚实，那么，你也可以做出决定“才没呢！！”



Remember 

请记住：



Just because things are reflections, doesn't mean always a one-to-one reflection. It doesn't mean that what you're seeing someone else do is what you're doing. 

虽然说，外在的事物只是内在的影射，但并不意味着它们是“一对一的映射”，也不是说，你看到别人在做的，就是你也在做的



The reflection may simply be that you observe it so you can help them. 

别人向你映射的，可能只是为了让你能看见他们，这样你就能帮助到他们



That can be a reflection that you are in their life to be of service to help them maybe make a different choice. 

而你在他们人生中的映射，可能就是为了服务他们，帮助他们做出不同的选择



That's still a reflection. 

这也是一种映射/影射



Don't take it absolutely literally in that: Oh, what they're doing is what I am doing 

不要理所当然地认为：“呜……他们这么做，说明我也在这么做”



No! That's not necessarily the case. 

不！情况不一定是这样



Although you can take a moment to decide if it is. 

但你可以花点时间，思量一下是否真的如此



But if you realize it's not, then you have to know that it's happening for a different reason. 

如果你认识到不是这样，那么，你就需要明白，它的发生，是有别的原因的



And it may be more their issue than yours. 

而且，更多的，可能是他们的问题，而不是你的问题



But you're still in their life and they're still being observed by you for some reason. 

但是，出于某些原因，他们的人生中仍然有你，你也仍然能看见他们



But you need to figure out what that is to your benefit. 

对于这些原因，你需要弄清楚了，才能给你的人生带来助益



Yes? 

是不是这样呢？



问：

That makes a lot of sense. 

你说的非常有道理！



巴夏：

Does that help you? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

It does! 

有帮助！



巴夏：

Will that do? 

这样回答，可以吗？



问：

That will do.  Thank you very much! 

可以！非常感谢您！



巴夏：

You're very welcome! 

不客气！