巴夏：外在，是什么？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-10-24

问：

Will you please help me with this idea that there is no outside reality?

你能不能帮我分析一下“没有外在实相”这个理念呢？



The outside reality is a it's a reflection of my own belief. Yet I see my hand, and I see Bashar, and I see a lot of people are listening.

虽然说，外在实相，只是我的信念的投射，但是，我却能看见我的手，看见巴夏，看见很多人在听着你



How do I add up that there is no outside reality?

明明都在我眼前，却为何没有“外在实相”呢？



巴夏：

You are misinterpreting the idea when we say there is no outside.

你误解了我们所说的“没有外在”



We mean there's no outside to Existence.

我们说的是：对于存在（宇宙）来说，没有外在



But you can create a reflection within Existence of something that appears to be outside of yourself

但是，你却可以在存在（宇宙）的内部创造出一个反射物，使之看似在你的“外在”



In the same way that when you look in a mirror, your reflection appears to be over there.

就像当你照镜子的时候，你看见你的影像，看似是在那边



But it's not really.

但其实并非如此



it's all the light coming back to your eyes.

那只是光线反射回到你的眼睛



There's really nothing over there.

在镜子那边，什么都没有



So the idea is that the outside is simply an illusion that you create, for your own purposes, for your own convenience, to experience certain things.

外在，只不过是你，为了便于自己体验一些东西的目的，而创造的一个幻相



So don't misunderstand what we mean when we say there's no outside.

所以，不要误解我们说的“没有外在”这句话的意思



There is outside as an experience.

外在的体验，是有的



There's just no outside to Existence.

宇宙（存在）之外的存在，却没有



问：

So I'm talking to Bashar that does exist.

所以，与我对话的巴夏，确实存在



巴夏：

But you're talking to your version of me.

但是，你是和你的版本的“我”在对话



You're creating your version of me in your consciousness.

你在你的意识中，创造了你的版本的我



Knowing that I exist on a fundamental level, you are willing to match my vibration enough to create your version in order to communicate with me.

（因为）在基本意识层面上，你知道我的存在，而为了与我对话，你（愿意）足够匹配到我的振动频率，创造出你的版本的我



Just as I am creating my version of you to communicate with you, 

就像我，创造出了我的版本的你，才能与你对话



Your version of me may not exactly be my version of me. And your version of you may not exactly be my version of you.

你的版本的我，与我的版本的我，可能并不完全一样；你的版本的你，与我的版本的你，也可能不完全一样



but it's close enough vibrationally that we can actually exchange the idea of Information.

但是，只要（对应版本的）振动频率足够接近，我们就能够沟通交流了