巴夏：每一种境况都是中性的
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-05-18
Neutral Situations 

每一种境况都是中性的



At this point, we once again remind all of you of the following information: 

现在，我再提醒大家一点



each and every situation in reality is fundamentally neutral to begin with. 

实相中的每一种境况，本质上都是中性的



No situation comes with a "built-in meaning." 

没有哪种境况是天生带有某种意义的



You are brought up to think that certain things must mean a certain thing, because they look a certain way. 

你们从小就被教导，某件事情肯定有某种意义，因为它看起来像某个样子



You—subconsciously or unconsciously, and sometimes even consciously—supply the meaning automatically to the neutral situation when it comes along. 

当有事情发生时，你潜意识地或者无意识地，甚至有时候是有意识地，而且自动地赋予这个中性的境况以某种意义。



If you assign a positive meaning to a neutral circumstance, you can only get a positive effect out if it. 

如果你对这个中性的境况，给出积极正面的意义，那你只能从中收获积极正面的结果



If you assign a negative meaning to a neutral circumstance you get a negative effect reflected back. 

反之，如果你赋予消极负面的意义，那你也只能从中获得消极负面的结果



I remind you: what we are discussing here is not simply a philosophy but the physics and mechanics of Creation. 

我再次提醒大家：我们在此讨论的不是什么哲学理论，而是造物主的本质以及其创造原理。



We are not talking about the idea of, as you say, "pretending" that something is positive to you when you really feel it is negative. 

当你对某件事情的真实感受是消极负面时，我不是叫你们，用你们的话说，“假装”它对你是积极正面的



We are not talking about tricking yourself. 

我不是叫你欺骗自己



The idea is to be honest in your communication about what you really have been taught to believe a situation means. 

而是在自我沟通过程中，诚实地面对自己，弄清楚自己在成长过程中，被植入的（教导的）对于某种特定情境的你所相信的意义。（意译）



We remind you that no matter how much you may tell yourself over and over again, "This is positive; this is positive; this is positive"

我在此提醒大家：不论你一而再，再而三地告诉自己：“这是积极的，这是正面的；这是积极的，这是正面的”



you're actually shaking with fear while you say that, what you are really saying is you believe, "It is negative, it is negative, it is negative" 

只要你在说话过程中，因为恐惧而有丝毫颤抖，那其实说明你相信：“这是消极的，这是负面的；这是消极的，这是负面的”



and that is why you need so much positive reinforcement. 

而这也就是为什么，你需要如此之多的正面强化



Any time you feel you have to continue to keep "protecting", you are actually saying you believe more strongly in the negative side of a situation's power, 

任何时候，只要你感觉到自己不得不  持续地要去“保护”（什么东西），那其实已经表明你更加相信这种境况的消极一面的力量



rather than simply trusting in your choice to see it as something positive and letting it go at that direction, 

你其实可以简单地相信自己的选择，视它为积极正面的，允许它朝那个方向发展



knowing if that is the choice you have made to see it that way, it cannot change into a negative unless you choose it to do so. 

并且清楚地知道，如果这是你的选择，并且你也这么看待，那它就不可能转变成消极负面的，除非你选择这么做。（意译）



图片

本文节选自巴夏通灵资料集《Quest For Truth — 100 Insights That Could Change Your Life》，无视频、无音频