巴夏：若世界是幻相，那幻相是什么？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-06-06

Because we have said many times that

我们已经多次提到



Physical reality is like a mirror.

现实世界（实相），像是一面镜子



It's a reflection,

是你内心的反射（投射）



And in a sense, it's not really that there's anything out there,

在某种意义上讲，外面什么也没有



There really is no physical reality out there

外面，并没有什么“实相”



That's an illusion,

都是“幻相”



《金刚经》：

凡所有相，皆是虚妄，若见诸相非相，即见如来



But it functions like a mirror,

世界的作用，就像一面镜子



So that you have a feedback mechanism,

这样，你就有了一个反馈机制



A reflection to let you know

“镜子”所反射的影像，让你明白



That the reality you are experiencing is absolutely reflective of

你在现实世界中的一切体验，都是你的投射



The belief systems, the emotions and the thought patterns, the behaviors

都是你的信念系统、情绪、思维模式、行为方式的投射



That you have arranged, that the frequencies of those things that you have created in your physical personality,

都源于你内在所安排的、所创建的振频



So that the outer idea, the outer reality or the appearance of the outer reality

所以，外在世界，或者外在表象



Act as a guidepost

都可作为一个指示牌



Act as a marker

作为一个标记



Acts as a signpost

作为一个路标



For what it is you are choosing to believe is true

向你表明：你选择相信什么是真实的



Because what you believe is true is what you're putting out as vibration,

任何你所相信的，你就是在辐射相应的振频



And what you put out as the vibration

而你辐射出的这些振频



is what reflected back to you by the physical reality in any number of symbolic and representative ways,

在现实世界中，会以一系列象征性的事物反射回来（显化）



As we have said,

如我们之前说的



Physical reality is very much literally like a mirror

现实世界（实相），就像是一面镜子



And you know that when you see a reflection in a mirror

你也知道，当你看着镜子中的影像



That if you have a frown on your face

如果你皱着眉头



You know you don't go over to the mirror and try to change the expression on the face of the reflection,

你是不会走上前，试图改变镜中的自己的面部表情



You know that will never work,

你知道，这么做没用



There's not really anything over there

镜子里面什么都没有



That's not really you out there

那个你，也不是真的你



That's an illusion, it's a reflection,

那只是虚像，是镜面反射形成的影像



But you know that if you change the frown on your face to a smile.

你也知道，如果你不再皱眉头，而是露出笑脸



You will also know that the reflection will have absolutely no choice but to smile back.

那么这个影像将毫无选择，必定回敬你一个笑脸



But you have to smile first.

但你必须先笑



You cannot wait for the reflection to smile before you do

你不能等这个影像先笑



Before you decide to be happy.

不能等这个影像先开心起来



If you decide to be happy, the reflection will reflect that back

如果你下定决心要喜乐，那么影像也会显示出喜乐



But as we have for many, many, many years now talked about the idea that

我们已经说了好多好多年：



Physical reality is a reflection,

现实世界（实相）只是一个投射/反射



It seems very interesting that none of you actually asked

但很有意思的是，居然没人问：



Bashar? Yes?

“巴夏？”-- “嗯？”



What is actually doing the reflecting

“到底是什么东西，反射出这个世界呢？”



That's very interesting question

“这个问题，有意思！”



Because of there's really nothing out there.

因为如果外面真的是“虚空的虚空”



What is actually reflecting back these experiences to us?

那反射给我们的这一切一切体验，到底是什么呢？



That is also a very good question.

“这个问题也问得好！”



What is reflecting back is your higher mind,

反射给你的一切，都是你的高我



Your higher mind, in a sense vibrationally, creates the effect of

你的高我，处于高频振动状态，可以制造出泡泡状的能量场效果



wrapping or surrounding or encasing or immersing your physical personality, in a bubble of energy,

看起来像是把你这肉身包裹住、环绕住，你似乎在泡泡中心



a frequency, a particular frequency that allows the higher mind to actually function as a reflective surface, as a mirror

高我的特殊的振频，能够制造出这么一个，类似镜子的效果



The higher mind mirror is what is actually reflecting the vibration of the personality structure back to itself,

“高我之镜”向你反射的，就是你这具肉身的振频



In order to get the experience you call physical reality

这样你才能在现实世界（实相）体验人生



And makes it seem by that particular frequency that it is operating on

高我的特定的振动



By that particular signature vibration it is actually operating on

也就是高我的标识性振频



Makes it seem as if that reflection is actually outside of you,

所形成的反射效果，就是：这一切看似都在你之外



When in fact, all of that actually going on inside your consciousness,

但事实上，这一切都发生在你意识之内



But the higher mind, by using, by choosing that particular frequency,

你的高我，通过选择、使用这样特定的振频



By being designed that way

通过特殊的设计



Makes it appear as if creates the illusion in your consciousness that

从而在你的意识中，制造出这样的幻相



Everything is actually being projected around you, holographically.

所有一切都是高我以全息的方式，投射在你周围（世界以我为中心）



That's why it's an illusion,

这就是为什么，世界是幻相