巴夏：虽然你能看见，却可不受影响
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-10-24


《虽然你能看见，却可不受影响》

问：

Can you go into detail of The Three-Way Split mentioned in the law material, The Law Of One 

你能详细讲解一下《一的法则》中提到的“三式分离”吗？



巴夏：

The idea simply being that reality is not a duality, it's a trinity 

简单来说，就是：实相，不是二元对立，而是三位一体



There is the polarity of what you call positive and negative. But there is always the center point of neutrality and balance 

实相，包括你们所说的“正极、负极”，但在二者中间，一直都存在着中立的平衡点



Everything is a trinity, not a duality 

万事万物，都是一体三面，而非只有二元属性



And as you expand your consciousness, the three-way split, from our perspective, is simply more awareness of how to use that and remain in the balance point, so that you can choose what you prefer without invalidating what you don't. 

随着你不断地扩展自己的意识，在我们看来，三式分离，就是：你能更觉察地使用事物的三位一体属性，并保持在平衡的中立中心点上，从而更好地选择“你所喜好的”，而不否认贬损“非你喜好的”



You see more more of the positive and more of the negative. 

你会看到更多的正面事物，也会看到更多的负面事件



But you also see more opportunity to remain in the neutral central space, the balance point 

但你也会看到更多机会，让自己可以保持在中立平衡点的中心位置



And choose what you prefer, while not invalidating what you don't prefer. 

选择你所喜好的同时，并不否定贬损“非你所喜好的”



It's just a neutral observational choice. 

就只是选择中立地观察着



That's one way to interpret the three-way split. 

这是解释“三式分离”的一种方式



Now, there are other split happening as we have described 

但如我们之前说过的，现在，有另一种分离也在发生



You are splitting into a multitude of parallel realities literally physically 

你们的物质实相，实实在在地正在分离，你们相互之间，也正在分离，进入多种的平行实相



So even though many of you can still see people on your planet or what appears to be your planet making choices you would not prefer. 

虽然你们中的很多人，仍然可以看到很多你们星球上人，或者，看似在你们星球上人，做着非你们所喜好的选择



It's more now like looking through a glass wall 

但现在这种情况，更像是你们透过一道玻璃墙看着他们



While you can still see them but nothing they do can affect you 

你仍然能看见他们，但他们所做的一切，却都无法影响到你



Because it can't reach you through the glass wall 

因为其影响力无法穿透这道玻璃墙



Even though you can see their reality doesn't mean you're actually still in it 

即使你能看见他们的世界，并不意味着你真的就在他们的世界里



More and more of this splitting will continue to happen 

越来越多这样的分离，将继续发生



until such time in time in the years to come as the splits get further and further apart, those that have chosen a certain way to experience reality will only experience that way whether it be positive or negative 

直到未来数年之后，随着实相的分离，相距得越来越远，以至于那些选择以某种方式体验实相的人，只能体验到他所选择的实相，不论那是正面的，还是负面的



And everyone will only experience what is reflective of the choice they made for the reality that they gravitate to, and will experience no dichotomy, and nothing else. 

每个人只能体验到他所被吸引的实相，也只会做出能够创造这种实相的选择，而不会经历到二分的对立面，以及其他



Does that make sense? 

这样解释，你能明白吗？



问：

Yes! 

明白！

