巴夏：你是活水晶
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-12-08 23:07


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：未知


问：上周我问了你关于水晶的问题，疗愈水晶。你能详细解释一下，哪种类型的水晶疗愈效果最好？为什么？

Q2:  Last week I asked you about crystals, healing crystals.  Can you expand on that, and which type of crystal could be used for the utmost healing -- and why?



巴夏：你会发现，首先，不会有某一种类型，如你所说，是最有效的疗愈。你会发现，在某种意义上，你总是在进行疗愈。这取决于你觉得你与哪一种水晶有缘，你用哪种水晶作为触发器来激活你自己的能力。你明白我的意思吗?

B:  You will find, first of all, there will be no one type that will be, as you say, utmost in healing.  You will find that you in a sense are always performing the healing.  ‘Tis up to you which type of crystals you feel you have an affinity with, which allows you to use that crystal as a trigger to activate your own abilities.  Do you follow me?



问：恩。

Q:  Yes.



巴夏：永远，永远，回到你身上。要意识到，每一个想法，每一件物品，都只是一个工具，是你自己的一个象征，是你自己的另一部分，这只是你看待自己能力的另一种方式。因此，你内在的亲和力将会为你产生这种精确的工具——水晶，如果你愿意，它将允许你将你的疗愈能量，你平等的疗愈振动，引导给你自己或任何你想疗愈的人。

B:  Always, always, always bring it back to you.  Realize that every idea, once again -- every object -- is only a tool, a symbol of yourself, another portion of yourself;  ‘tis simply another way in which you allow yourself to view your own abilities.  Therefore, affinities within you will produce for you the exact type of tool – crystal, if you wish -- that will allow you to channel your healing energies, your equality of the healing vibration, to yourself or to any other individual you so desire.



你会发现，我要说的是，总的来说，水晶只不过是一种结晶能量的纯粹形式。因此，你可能会发现它们或多或少是一个很好的工具，一般来说，在这样的情况下，你当下的身体就是活的水晶，你越来越意识到这一点，因为你变得越来越符合它。你们会发现，在某种程度上，你们的物质形态正在转变成更纯净的活水晶。

You will find, however, I will say, in general, the idea of crystals is simply more a pure form of solidified energy.  And as such, you may find that they will be more or less a good tool in general for usage, in such that your bodies here and now are living crystals, and you are becoming more and more aware of that as you become more and more in tune with that idea.  You will find that, to a degree, your physical forms are transforming into more pure living crystals.



图片


你自己就是水晶，你自己就是你所需要的可以用来实行任何想法，来创造任何现实，疗愈或别的。你不需要工具，但你会发现，无论你觉得自己被什么吸引——如果那是你想要的，你就会被吸引——那么那将是适合你的工具。你明白我的意思吗?

You yourself are a crystal;  you are really all you need to perform any idea, to create any reality, healing or otherwise.  You do not need a tool, but you will find that whatever you feel yourself attracted to -- and you will be attracted to that if that is your desire -- then that will be the appropriate tool for you.  Do you follow me?



问：明白，谢谢！

Q:  Yes, I do.  Thank you.



问：嗯，我对水晶没有什么特别的渴望。但我记得过去我有疗愈的能力，我想重新获得它们。怎么办……?

Q:  Well, I did not have any particular desire for the crystal.  But I recall that in the past I had healing abilities, and I want to regain them.  How can...?



巴夏：你没有失去它们。

B:  You have not lost them.



问：我知道我没有失去它们，我只是忘了。

Q:  I know I have not lost them;  I've forgotten about them.



巴夏：好的，为什么？

B:  All right.  Why?



问：被压制了，或者...

Q:  Inhibition, or...



巴夏：你确定吗？

B:  Are you sure?



问：不确定。

Q:  No.



巴夏：好的。要意识到你总是可以选择一种不同形式的现实，这样当你允许自己，再一次，作为一个疗愈水晶运作，你将能够以你更多的在场，作为一个更完整的水晶来做这件事。

B:  All right.  Realize that you can, for a time, always choose a different form of reality, so that when you allow yourself, once again, to function as a healing crystal, you will be able to do so with more of yourself present, a more integrated -- integrated crystal.



换句话说，你一直在探索你的水晶的其他面向，所以当你再次作为一个水晶运作的时候，你将会意识到使用你更多的面向。不要因为探索自己的其他部分来整合自己而评判或惩罚自己，这样你就可以更完整地发挥作用。你明白我的意思吗?

In other words, you have been exploring other facets of your crystal, so that when it comes time for you to operate as a crystal again, you will be aware of using more of your facets.  Do not judge or chastise yourself for exploring other portions of yourself in order to integrate yourself, so that you may function more wholly.  Do you follow me?



问：明白，谢谢！

Q:  Yes, I do.  Thank you.



巴夏：谢谢。

B:  Thank you.


End

