另一种治疗方式
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月01日 06:04 辽宁
前言

某些外星文明实际上可以操纵电磁波和引力波。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：2019年10月5日

问：嗯，主要是。当我想到这个问题时，我实际上在想，如果现在有另一种治疗方式在地球之外使用，它可能会整合成一体。

Well, mostly. I was actually thinking when I thought of that question that if there's another healing modality that is used outside of our earth right now that might integrate.

巴夏：是的，当然。当然你知道你们正朝着使用频率、共振等概念前进。许多许多文化都在使用它。但是，是的，有很多形式。现在，一些不同的形式是你们实际上无法做到的，因为从某种意义上说，我们可以说，它们与使用它们的特定外星物种排成一行，而你们并不具有完全相同的属性。你明白吗？他们具有与你们不同的属性。这有道理吗？

Yes, of course. Of course you know that you are heading toward the idea of using frequencies, resonances, and things like that. And many, many cultures use that. But yes, there are many forms. Now, some of the different forms are not anything that you could actually do because they are, in a sense, shall we say, lined up with the particular alien species that is using them that you don't exactly have the same attributes. You understand?They have different attributes than you may have. Does that make sense? 

问：是的，有道理。

Yes, it does.

巴夏：你想要我进一步说明吗？

Do you want further clarification? 

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：好吧。我举一个例子来说明我们正在谈论的内容。某些外星文明实际上可以操纵电磁波和引力波。因此，它们实际上可以创造一个复杂的结构，从某种意义上说，一个重力的振动结构。这将允许处于引力泡泡中的人更容易让他们自己回到自然状态。

All right. I'll give you an example of what we're talking about. There are certain alien cultures that can actually manipulate electromagnetic and gravitic waves.Therefore, they can actually create a complex structure, in a sense, a vibrational structure of gravity.That will allow someone in that gravitational bubble to allow themselves to go back into their natural state more easily.

所以从引力的角度来看，它起到了润滑剂的作用。但他们有探测设备，能够捕捉到那些重力振动，那些你们没有的引力波。所以这是一种特定文明的治疗方式，你们不一定能够复制，因为你们的身体里没有构造来做他们正在做的事情。现在这说的更明白了吗？

So it acts kind of as a lubricant for them, gravitationally speaking. But they have sensors to be able to pick up on those gravity vibrations, those gravitational waves that you don't have.So it's a healing modality of a particular culture that you're not necessarily able to duplicate because you don't have the mechanisms in your body to do exactly what they're doing.Now does that make more sense?

图片

问：我们现在是否拥有可以利用任何可能朝着这个方向发展的构造？

Are there any mechanisms that we have access to that might be heading in that direction that we can incorporate now?

巴夏：绝对有。其中将会出现的一件事，尽管它可能在你们的未来有点专业化，正如我们现在看到的那样，我们感觉到现在存在的能量中可能会实现什么。是你们每个人的鼻窦腔内都有一种叫做磁铁矿的物质，它负责通过遵循地球的磁场线来让你有方向感，你明白吗？这是有多少动物在导航，你知道我在说什么吗？

Absolutely. One of the things that will come up, even though it might be somewhat specialized in your future as we see now what is likely and probable in the energy that exists right now that we're sensing that may come to fruition, one of you have a substance in your sinus cavities called magnetite that is responsible for the idea of allowing you to have a sense of direction by following the magnetic field lines of your planet you understand it's how many animals navigate you know what i'm talking about.

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：好，你实际上可以以一种非常具体的方式放大磁铁矿的使用，类似于我们谈论的使用引力波的存有一样。但你可以使用地球磁场的概念，通过允许一种振动，让进入你们磁场的人能够接收到一种频率，这种频率可以放大他们窦腔中的磁铁矿。这将在在他们自己的电磁场中与地球磁场形成更强的对齐，从而与整个世界的意识建立更强的连接。

All right you can actually amplify the use of that magnetite in a very specific way sort of similarly to what we were talking about about the beings that use gravitational waves.But you can be using the idea of the magnetic field of your planet by allowing a vibration that allows a person coming into your field to pick up on a frequency that allows for amplification of the magnetite in their sinus cavities.That will create in their own electromagnetic field a stronger alignment with the magnetic field of the planet and therefore a stronger connection to the consciousness of the entire world.

这就是另一种治疗方式，这在你们星球的未来会变得更加普遍。这就像让某人成为一个更精确的指南针，指向磁北，利用电磁场和体内的磁铁矿几乎瞬间将其对齐。所以这就是一个例子，这有帮助吗？

That is another healing modality that will become a little bit more common in your planet's future.It's like allowing someone to become more of an accurate compass pointing to magnetic north, aligning them almost instantaneously with the use of the electromagnetic field and the magnetite within your body.So that's one example.Does that help? 

问：哇哦！是的，谢谢。

Wow, yes, thank you. 

巴夏：不客气。

You are welcome.

