巴夏：声音疗浴
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-09-29 16:16



问：
I'm super excited for my husband and I to attend your live event in Sedona in September. We are really looking forward to it.
我非常兴奋，能够与丈夫一同参加您9月份在圣多纳的现场传讯。我们都非常期待。

Today I have a question for you about sound healing, the relaxing, immerse of experience of a sound bath.
今天，我想问你的问题，是关于“声音疗愈”，让人放松的、沉浸式体验的“声音疗浴”

I'm fairly new to them and I am really loving them.
我刚接触到这些，但我真的很喜欢它们

The woman who hosts the group sessions that I attend,
之前，我参加过一个女士主办的小组会议

She walks around the room and plays certain instruments above the head of each participant.
她拿着一些乐器，在房间里走来走去，并在每个参会者的头上演奏这些乐器

The crown third eye throat and heart chakra are directly affected by this.
这些声音，直接影响我们的顶轮、眉心轮、吼轮和心轮

And I personally love the feeling of the vibrations moving throughout my entire body.
我个人非常喜欢 这些振动在我全身上下移动的感觉

My question is, what if anything happens on a spiritual or a cosmic level when experiencing the sounds in vibrations?
我的问题是，当我们体验这些声音的振动时，在“零”性或宇宙层面，是否有发生什么呢？

I understand that sound healings help to calm the mind, achieve deeper states of relaxation, reduce stress, improve sleep, ground us in the present moment, even enhance our creativity.
我知道，声音疗愈，能够帮助我们放下思绪，更深层次地放松身心，减轻压力，改善睡眠，让我们能落地到当下，甚至增强我们的创造力

I was curious though, if you could offer me any other insight on how the sound and vibration affects us on a spiritual level or any level, really?
但我仍然很好奇，你能否能指点我一下，声音和振动，在“零”性层面，或任何层面，如何对我们产生影响的？

Thank you, Bashar. Avail.
谢谢您，巴夏！Avail!

巴夏：
Everything is resonance
一切都是共振

Everything is frequency.
一切都是频率

In a sense, everything is sound and light operating at certain vibrational frequencies.
某种意义上讲，一切都是在某种频率上振动的声音和光

So when someone may present you with the opportunity to align with certain frequencies, no matter how they are created, it's an opportunity for you to align yourself with your higher spiritual dimensional self.
所以，当有人提供机会，让你可以调频到某些频率，不论这些频率是如何创造出来的，对你来说，这是一个机会，让你可以调整到，与你的更高维度的“零”性自我，保持一致

And the vibration of resonance that are represented there on those higher planes to connect yourself more strongly, more awarely, more consciously, to the totality of your resonance, the totality of your being,
这些振动，象征着更高的意识层面，你可以选择与之共振，从而更强烈、更觉察、更有意识地连接自己，与完整的你的共振，与完整的你的存在同频

Which allows you to feel more aligned and more expanded.
这会让你感觉更临在，更舒展

So it's up to you to match those frequencies when and where they work for you, when and where you feel it's appropriate for you to do so.
所以，不论何时何地，只要你觉得它们对你有效，只要你觉得合适，你都可以决定是否 匹配到这些频率

It's an opportunity to in aligning with those frequencies, align with more of your own frequencies on higher levels and higher planes and be more of yourself and express more of yourself through on this level as well.
它们为你提供了一个机会，让你可以调频到，更多的、更高意识层面的、属于你自己的频率，让你成为更恢弘的自己，并把这些层面的自己，更多地表达出去

Clearing your conduits,
请清理你的（内在）通道

Making it easier for energy to move through you in a more superconductive way without resistance, by aligning those frequencies
通过与这些频率同频，让你的能量，如超导一般，毫无阻力地，在你体内更加顺畅地流动

Making yourself more coherent, all the way up and down the vibration of frequencies of physical to non physical reality
让你身心“零”更加连贯，从上到下，（如管道一般）连通物质世界与非物质世界

Incorporating more of your ability to express more of who you truly are in this realm.
融入更多你的能力，将恢弘的、真实的你，更多地展现在这个现实世界中