巴夏：你笑，你就在疗愈自己，疗愈世界！
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-13
选自书籍《Bashar - Quest for Truth Bashar (100 Insights That Could Change Your Life)》，只有文字版本



The idea we will be discussing today will be the concept of healing your world. 

今天，我们聊到话题是“如何疗愈你的世界”



Of course, before you can "heal the world", you also must learn to heal yourselves. 

当然，在你能够疗愈你的世界之前，你得先学会疗愈你自己



In a sense there really is no separation between healing yourself and healing the world

某种意义上讲，“疗愈自己”和“疗愈世界”之间，并没有分离。



because every change you make in your own being is a change in the totality of your planet consciousness. 

因为你内在所做的任何一个改变，都是对地球整体意识的一个改变。



So let us begin on the individual level and we will then proceed to talk about how each of you as an individual can heal both yourself and the entire planet. 

所以，我们先从“如何自我疗愈”开始，然后再讲你们每个人，如何作为一个独立的个体，既疗愈了自己，也疗愈了整个星球。



Now, what is healing? 

那么，什么是疗愈呢？



Perhaps it might be interesting to discuss the idea of "what you're healing yourself from. " 

也许，更有意思的问题是：你要疗愈的，是什么？



Usually when you think of healing you come from a position where you believe that you are healing from "disease." 

通常，如果你认为自己患了某种疾病，而你要疗愈这种疾病



All that you call disease can simply be looked at as a literal version of the concept dis-ease; the idea of un-ease within. 

那简单的说，所有你们所认为的疾病，都可以看成是“不舒服”（disease 疾病，分开写就是 Dis 不Ease 舒服）



All disease stems from or is created from a resistance to your natural self

所有疾病的源头，或者造成疾病的原因，都是因为你在抗拒你的 自然本我



Resistance in your energy creates friction and that creates disease. 

你的抗拒造成你能量上的“摩擦”，于是就造成不舒服（疾病）



When you are not being your true self, when you are resisting your true self, you're operating on a very slow vibration. 

当你不做你自己，当你抗拒你的真我，那你的振频就很低



Understand that imagination is on a much higher vibration, because it is the conduit of communication between your physical and higher mind.

要知道，想象力的振频是很高的，因为它是你的身体意识与高我的沟通管道



If you have an idea of what you would prefer to be, the degree of difference between the "you" you are now, and the "you" you prefer to be creates friction in the energy between the slow vibration and the fast vibration. 

所以，如果你想成为某个样子，那么“现在的你”跟“你想成为的你”之间的差异，就会造成低振频能量与高振频能量之间的摩擦



Obviously, the greater the difference, the more friction. 

很显然，差异越大，摩擦越多



The smaller the difference, the less friction. 

差异越小，摩擦也越少



So, it can then be understood that healing is a process of aligning your energy to create less difference between who you might be and your true, balanced self. 

所以，你可以把疗愈理解成为：不断提高你的能量，从而使“当下的你”和“能量平衡的你”之间的差异越来越少，摩擦越来少的过程



翻译2：所以，你可以把疗愈理解成为：你调整能量的过程，从而使 当下的你 和 你的真我 的差异越来越少，摩擦越来少



Therefore, all disease is a lowering of your vibration away from your true self. 

所有的疾病都是你降低自己的振频，远离真我



Likewise, all healing is a raising of your vibrational frequency toward your true self. 

同样，所有的疗愈都是你提高自己振频，朝向真我



Many of you already understand that the true self is very strongly connected with the idea of doing the thing in life that excites you the most. 

你们很多人都已经明白，真我跟“做生活中最让你兴奋的事”，有着非常强的连接



So living your dream is a very balancing and healing thing to do. 

所以，活出你的梦想，你就是在平衡自己的能量，也是在疗愈自己



That's why laughter is such a healing thing, because it raises your frequency. 

这也是为什么“欢笑”有着如此强的疗愈效果，因为它能提高你的振频



Anytime you are doing what you love to do, you will feel more like laughing. 

任何时候，你做着自己爱做的事，你会感觉：更想笑笑



Anytime you are laughing and enjoying yourself, you will feel more like doing what you truly wish to do. 

任何时候你欢笑、享受自己，你会感觉：你更加喜欢做 你真正想做的事。



Laughter gives you confidence. 

笑笑，会给你带来信心



Confidence allows you to laugh more easily. 

自信，则会让你更容易欢笑



All these things are interconnected;

所有这些事，都是互相连接的（圣经：万事都互相效力，叫爱神的人得益处）



 if you can do one, then the other will come more easily. 

如果你能到做其中一件事，那你做其他事也就容易得多



Some of you say, "Well, I don't have enough confidence to do the thing that really excites me." 

有些人可能会说：“我没有足够的信心，无法去做真正让我兴奋的事”



You can understand that if you see the connection between the idea of laughter, between the idea of confidence, between the idea of excitement and acting on what excites you the most, you can approach it from many different angles. 

要知道，如果你能看见欢笑、自信、兴奋和“做最让你兴奋的事”之间的连接，那你就可以通过各种不同的角度（方式）来获得自信



If you don't feel like you have the confidence to do what excites you the most, you can help yourself gain confidence by doing something as simple as learning to laugh more easily. 

如果你没有自信，无法做你兴奋的事，那你可以做些简单的事情来帮助自己，比如：学会让自己更容易笑，让自己笑得更轻松



If you don't have the confidence to do what excites you the most, you can create the confidence by simply acting on what excites you the most, whether you feel you can do it or not, thus creating a positive reality and reinforcing the idea of confidence in the future. 

如果没有自信，无法做你兴奋的事，那你可以去做当下最让你兴奋的事，不论你觉得自己能不能做到，你都去做。通过这种方式，你就不断地创造出积极正面的实相，并且会在未来不断地强化你的信心。



You can allow yourself to arrive at that higher vibration in many different ways. 

当然，你还可以通过很多不同的方式，来提高你的振频。

