巴夏：分享信息，就是一种疗愈！
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-18




The idea is once you balance yourself, you can assist others on the "one-to-one" level. 

一旦你平衡了自己的能量，你就可以一对一的帮助其他人



In that sense, it is the first step toward helping to heal the whole world. 

从这个意义上讲，这是你帮助疗愈整个世界所迈出的第一步



More simply, being an example, or a reflection of a balanced and healed person—being a healthy person—you give everyone else the best opportunity to also heal themselves by using you as a reflection. 

更简单点说，当你成为一个已经被疗愈的人，一个健康的人，一个能量平衡的反射，一个榜样，那你就在是给每一个人最佳的机会，让他们可以使用你这个反射，将自己疗愈。



This does not mean that if you are excited about being a healer that you have to have transformed and integrated every single issue within your own consciousness before you can even start to be a healer for someone else. 

但这并不意味着，如果你对成为一名疗愈师感到很兴奋，那你只有在转化和整合你意识中的每一个问题后，你才可以开始为他人疗愈。



You should at least be performing the healing out of love, out of excitement and out of service. 

（如果你还没完全转化和整合自己意识中的每一个问题）那你在做疗愈工作时，至少要出发于爱，出发于兴奋，以及服务他人的愿心



But if you wait to begin your healing practice until you have resolved every single issue within you, you will never begin. 

但如果你要等自身的每个问题都解决了，才开始练习疗愈，那你永远都无法开始。



The important thing to understand is as long as your vibrational intention is positive, then the people you will attract to yourself will be benefited and at the same time you will also be healed by your interactions with them. 

有一点很重要，你们务必明白，就是：只要你的意愿的振动是积极正面的，那么被你所吸引的任何人都会受益，同时，你也会在和他们的互动过程中被疗愈。



This is what we were referring to before by saying that if you don't feel you have the confidence to begin with, but you have the intention and you act on the intention and the excitement, the experience of the interaction itself will give you the confidence and the ability to transform the issues within you that may still remain. 

这就是我之前所说的：如果你刚开始的时候没有信心，但是你有愿心，并且依着你的愿心和兴奋去行动，那在和他人互动的过程中，你的信心会增强，并且让你有能力去转化内在尚未解决的问题。



So please don't hold yourself back. 

所以，请不要给自己设限



If being a sharing person and healer in some way is what really excites you, by all means do begin. 

如果分享和疗愈真的让你很兴奋，那请你尽一切办法，开始去做！



Again, it may take many forms. 

再次提醒：做的方式有很多种



It means you can be a direct healer like a doctor or a body worker, or an energy worker or teacher of some sort. 

有直接疗愈型，如医生、身体工作者（可能类似按摩）、能量疗愈师，或者老师等等……



Or, simply sharing information with people so that they can then use that information to heal themselves, much in the same way that is taking place right now. 

也可以是单纯的分享信息，让人们可以运用这些信息来自我疗愈，就像我现在所做的。



Just the sharing of knowledge that can benefit other people is itself a type of healing act. 

分享可以让他人受益的信息，这种行为的本身，就是一种疗愈



Once again, remember that the definition of healing is simply an allowance by yourself of changing your vibration toward your true being. 

翻译1：

再次提醒大家记住：疗愈的定义，就是你允许自己，朝真我的方向，改变自己的振频



翻译2：

再次提醒大家记住：所谓的疗愈，就是你允许自己改变自己的振频，趋向真我



Any way this can be accomplished is a healing. 

不论什么方式，只要可行，都是一种疗愈



Standing by a mountain stream can be healing. 

站在山间溪流旁，可以是一种疗愈



Playing and laughing with a child can be a healing. 

和孩子一起玩，一起欢笑，也可以是一种疗愈



Use your imagination. 

运用你的想象力吧！