巴夏：成为“灵性疗愈师”的关键点
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-16



Also allow yourselves to understand the following thing about healing: 

关于“疗愈”，你们要明白以下几个要点：



Many of you are healers or have a desire to be healers of one type or another. 

你们中很多人都是某种形式的疗愈师，或者有意愿要成为一名疗愈师



Understand what it means to be a healer. 

所谓疗愈师，意味着：



You're not really healing anybody else directly. 

你并没有直接疗愈某个人

 

A healer creates, in whatever way they choose to, a vibrational field of energy. 

而是你以自己所选择的方式，创造一个振动能量场



It does not matter what way you choose, you still create this vibrational field whether you choose to imagine it or not. 

不论你选择什么样的方式，不论你是否运用了想象力，你时刻都在创造振动能量场



It is simply the natural energy field that all of you have, 

振动能量场是每个人天生所具有的



But it vibrates at a certain frequency that is representative of your desire and your intention to help another person. 

但你的疗愈的振动能量场，它有着一定的频率，代表着你的渴望，以及你想要帮助他人的意愿



Therefore, it is important for the healer to be balanced as well, so the vibration of balance is in the energy field. 

所以，你的能量必须平衡，这点非常重要，只有这样，你的能量场中才会有平衡的振动



When you attract someone to you who wishes assistance, what you are actually doing as a healer is giving off a particular vibrational pitch for them to be immersed in. 

当你吸引某个人，前来寻求你的帮助，作为一名疗愈师，你实际上做的，是将他们笼罩在你所散发出特定“振动音调”之中



Thus, the vibrational pitch of that energy field is like an invitation to that person to match your vibration with their energy. 

你能量场中的这个“振动音调”就像一个邀请函，邀请对方将他们的能量与你的能量相匹配



Then, bit-by-bit, either quickly or slowly, in matching the energy of the healer, the person becomes healed by healing themselves. 

当他们选择与你的能量相匹配，那么他们就会一点一点地，或快或慢地，把自己疗愈，恢复健康状态



That is how all healing works. 

所有的疗愈，都是这么运作的



Doesn't matter what style, doesn't matter how fast or slow the process. 

重要的不是形式，也不是过程的快慢



It's a matter of changing the vibration of the belief system of the person to be healed, so they heal themselves, with reflective assistance. 

重要的是你作为他们（健康的状态的）投射，由于你的帮助，对方的信念系统改变为“自己是已经被疗愈的振频”



So, if you have a great desire to be a healer or to share with people, to be of service in any way, it is very important to remember that what they are mostly going to be picking up on is your vibrational pattern of balance 

所以，如果你有强烈的愿望要成为一名疗愈师，或教别人如何做疗愈，或为他人做任何形式的服务，那有一点非常重要，你必须记住，就是：他们从你那里获得的 最多的 是你的平衡的能量振动模式



Now, if you are excited about being a healer, then understand you will be able to help all those that come to you, because you have attracted them with your particular vibration. 

如果你对“成为一名疗愈师”感到很兴奋，那你要明白：来找你的任何人，你都能帮助他们。正是因为你的特定的振频，你才能吸引他们前来。



Doesn't necessarily mean that you will have the effect on them that you might expect with your mentality. 

但这并不意味着  疗愈的效果一定会如你所预期的



But if they are attracted to you, they are attracted to you for a reason and they will get something out of it. 

但如果他们受你所吸引，那肯定有某种原因，以及某种收获，他们才会被你所吸引



If you are excited about being a healer but are doubtful about your ability to be of assistance to someone else, then you yourself are creating a "negative" vibration in your field. 

如果你对“成为一名疗愈师”感到很兴奋，但你却怀疑自己的能力，不知道自己能否帮助对方，那你的“不相信”，就会在你的能量场创造出负面的振动



And of course, then you might perhaps fulfill your own prophecy and will not be able to help them. 

结果可能就是：你实现了对自己的预言，并且没法帮助他们



But if it is truly exciting for you to be a healer in any way, then relax and trust that the vibration that you are will benefit them in some way, shape or form. 

但如果不论情形如何，你都对“成为一名疗愈师”真心感到兴奋，那你只需要放轻松，相信你的振频会以某种方式让对方受益。

