巴夏：不要用铭记恐惧的方法来教育孩子
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-06-19





Teaching Children WithoutImprinting Fear
不要用铭记恐惧的方法来教育孩子

 

Q: Relating to what you were talking about before, about letting yourselfgo and following your imagination -- and this is also related to judging others-- if we as parents would let our children do whatever they want... I reallydon’t understand. We’ve got to teach them.

问:与你之前谈论的有关，关于释放你自己以及跟随你的想象力——这也与评判他人有关——如果我们作为父母让我们的孩子做他们想做的任何事情……我真的不理解。我们得教他们。

      

B: All right. Now, this does not mean judging. This means preference, theteaching of preference as opposed to judgment -- which is an invalidation ofsomething. Preference is not. Simply recognize that there is obviously, becauseof the physical limitations upon the mentality and the consciousness, the opportunityfor the training of the child to a certain degree.

B:好吧。这并不意味着是评判。这意味着偏好，即偏好的教学，和判断刚好相反——批判是否认某种东西，偏好却不是。仅仅需要认识到，很明显，由于物理局限性在心智和意识之上，教育孩子的条件在某种程度上也是如此。

      

But also recognize that much of whatyou, quote/unquote, fear, you must teach the child. Because you have alreadymany times -- not saying you specifically -- but in general, parents alreadyhave taught the child to fear certain things. And thus, you will find that thechild will be acting on some of those fears, or reacting to some of thosefears, rather than simply being allowed by the parent initially, from birth andbefore birth, to recognize that the child knows already when it is born what itis doing, in a sense.

但也要认识到你们必须教给孩子的其实很多是“恐惧”。因为你们已经教授孩子恐惧很多次了——并不是特别说你——但总的来说，父母已经教会孩子害怕某些事情。因此,你会发现,孩子会有出于一些恐惧而行事的行为,或者对一些恐惧的反应,而不单纯只是最初被父母允许的行为,要认识到孩子从出生开始以及出生之前就已经知道它什么时候出生、它在做什么,在一定程度上。

      

Q: Right. But we still have to send them to school and we can’t let themplay in the backyard when they want to play.

问:对的。但是我们还是要送他们去学校，当他们想要玩耍的时候我们不能让他们在后院玩耍。

      

B: One moment. Understand again: you are giving us excuses of illusionsbased on illusions.

B:等一下。要明白:你给了我们基于错觉的幻想的借口。

      

Q: What illusions?

问：什么幻觉？

      

B: The idea, in the way you have created the idea of going to school, andthe safety of your children, is based upon the fear that you teach them whenthey are born.

B:你创造了上学以及在学校里你的孩子是安全的那样的想法，是基于你在他们出生时教给他们的恐惧。

 

That this is the way he/she must be bornbecause we fear such and such and such and such and such and such. And you arecreating a loop, so that by the time they are doing such and such and such, andsay, “Why?” you simply find the only (--?) is because this is the way it alwayshas been.

这就是他/她必须出生成长的方式，因为我们害怕这样子，那样子，如此这般。你正在创建一个死循环，因此等到那个时候他们也是这样，那样地去做，然后说，“为什么?”“你只是找到了唯一的(——?)，因为它一直以来就是样子的。”

      

Q: That’s true. From your point of view, how do you see the world is goingto be, this planet is going to be, in terms of the education of children, forexample?

问:这是真的。从你的观点来看，你如何看待这个世界将会是什么样的，这个星球将会是什么样的，就孩子的教育而言，例如?

      

B: We can only again -- not tell you what to do, but simply suggest, byreference, by analogy -- that within our society, first of all, we are incommunication with the being before they are born. We know who and what theyare, and why they are being born into our society. And we know they know it.

B:我们只能再说一次——但不告诉你该做什么，而是仅仅建议，通过类比——在我们的社会中，首先，我们在他们出生之前就与他们有联系了。我们知道他们是谁，他们是什么，以及他们为什么出生在我们的社会。我们知道他们也知道这点。

 

Also their interaction with us iscomplete and total, and they are not isolated to be taught. They are allowedinto the fabric of society to be taught. Each child recognizes each adult to behis or her parent. Each adult recognizes each child to be his or her own, interms of the idea of the spontaneous interactions, which take place.

同样他们与我们的互动是完整的和全体的，而且他们不是单独被教导的。他们被允许进入社会的结构中去接受教育。每个孩子都认识到每个成年人都是他或她的父母。每个成年人都承认每个孩子都是自己的孩子，就自发性的互动而言，这就是所发生的。

      

Q: Yes.

问:恩。

 

B: There is not the need for the tool of fear. Now, recognize that by thetime your child is able to be up and about by itself, it has already beenprogrammed by you to know of limitation, and know the fears that you have.Because it has to depend upon you for physical survival, it will acceptanything you teach, vocally and non-vocally.

B:不需要恐惧的工具。你要认识到，到你的孩子能够自己下地走路的时候，他就已经被你编程了，记牢了你的限制，并且也记牢了你的恐惧。因为为了生存他必须依赖于你，他会接受任何你教给他的东西，口头和非口头的。

      

Q: Not really.

问：不完全是

      

B: In its personality, yes it will -- completely.

B:在它的人格中，是的，它会——完全地接受。

      

Q: What would new parents on this planet... what should they do to change…?

问:在这个星球上年轻的父母?他们应该做些什么来改变…?

      

B: Not should.

B：不是应该

 

Q: What can they do to change…?

问:他们能做些什么来改变…?

      

B: Allow themselves to know that they can trust that the child being bornknows what it is doing. They can trust that their own connection to the child,and the child’s connection to them, is never broken. They are always incommunication; and that the child and the parents will always sense what theother is doing and why. And that the child will know instinctively, and byreceiving from the parents, vocally and non-vocally its reassurance of itsinnate safety and assuredness in creativity, that it will always only do thatwhich will be positively manifesting for the child -- and not negativelymanifesting for the child, because it will not feel the fear from the parentsthat the child must react to.

B:让他们自己知道，他们可以相信，孩子天生就知道自己在做什么。他们可以相信自己与孩子的连接，还有孩子与他们的连接，永远是不会断的。他们一直在交流，孩子和父母总是能感觉到对方在做什么以及为什么。而且孩子会本能地知道,通过接收来自于父母的,口头的和非口头，知道他在创造性中的与生俱来的安全和自信的保证,创造将永远只是积极地显现给孩子——而不是消极地显现给孩子,因为它不会感受到孩子必然会做出反应的来自于父母的恐惧。

 

      

Q: Yes.

问：恩

 

B: You follow me?

B：你明白吗？

      

Q: Yes. Thank you.

问：是的，谢谢！

 

B: Thank you.

B：谢谢。

