巴夏：如何帮助孩子更好地学习？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-04-23



问：

This person's writing is from china

这个问题，是来自几个中国的朋友



And they said that they are a university student, and they don't like the educational system at all

他们是一群大学生，他们根本不喜欢目前的教育体制



巴夏：

There are many different kinds of educational systems that are being created on your planet now,

目前地球上，已经出现了各种各样新的教育系统



But if they find none to their liking, they can always create a new one

但如果他们觉得，一个都不喜欢，那他们可以创建一个新的



问：

Right! Because they're saying will there be any change for the education system on our planet and what should

对！他们问到：“我们未来的教育体制会有哪些改变，以及我们该怎么做？”



巴夏：

Yes！As we already said, there are changes taking place.

就像我们说过的：改变，时刻在发生



But what they really need to involve

他们可以参与其中的事



is the three-step process that we have outlined

我们概括为以下三点：



Where you create an environment, a safe environment in which you can teach the idea of consequences of your choices

一、创造一个安全的环境，在那里，传授“选择--->结果论”（选择对结果的影响）



In a way that doesn't have disastrous repercussions allowing people to truly understand what these consequences are and take responsibility for them

以不会造成灾难性影响的方式，让学生给清楚地明白，自己的选择以及其产生的结果，并对结果负起责任



before they try them out in the world.

而不是在社会中，学习这门课



Also interactivity in this way,

二、以这种理念让学生互动练习



Making it as real simulations as possible

尽可能地把模拟训练做到逼真



So they really feel like it's a real world situation is of paramount importance

让学生觉得，这是个真实的情景，这一点非常重要



Because again if they think they're sort of faking it because it is a simulation

因为，他们有可能会认为，这只是个模拟训练，是假的



you have to make it as interactive and real as possible

所以，你们得尽可能地做到真实，而且有互动



So they will understand truly, the experience of the consequences of their choices.

这样他们才会真正地明白，并且体验到，他们的选择对结果的影响



But again, in a safe environment

需要重申的是，安全第一（环境得安全）



where it doesn't ripple out into the world.

这样就不会影响到现实世界



And third, the idea of adapting the lesson to the thing that excites the person

三、开发出让学生越学越兴奋、越学越有兴趣的课程



Instead of attempting to force their excitement into a lesson box that doesn't work for them

而不是那些毫无益处，又条条框框、限制他们兴趣与兴奋内容



Is of paramount importance

这点，极为重要



Learn by doing, learned by experience and allow the person to learn through the way in which they are designed to learn.

通过行动来学，通过切身体验来学，并且，是适合每个人天性的学习方式与内容



Now this is beginning to change in some of the systems on your planet.

目前，地球上已经出现这种教学方式，并将渐渐改变你们的教学体制



It is called a developmentally appropriate system

你们称之为“发展适宜性教育体制”



Or a developmentally appropriate process

或者说“发展适宜性教学过程”



Where each child is taught to their strengths and not just homogenized into a class

就是“因材施教”，而非同质化教学



where everyone is not exactly the same thing in exactly the same way.

不是让每个学生以同样的方式，学习同样的课程



This is a step in that direction

这是你们教育理念改进的一大步



Where you start to tailor what you're teaching to each individual

未来，你们将根据每个学生的不同情况，定制教学方式



Based on their excitement, their way of absorbing information, their way of interacting with the world, their way of processing information

要考虑到学生的兴趣爱好，考虑到学生的吸收信息方式，他们与外界互动的方式，以及消化信息的方式




And allowing them to learn by experience

并让他们通过切身体验来学



rather than simply throwing facts and figures at them

而不是填鸭式的，死记硬背



Which will usually just bounce off their skulls anyway

烧脑袋学习，只会烧坏脑袋



问：

That's interesting.

真有意思！



Back in the 60s there was an education system called summerhill

在上世纪60年代有一所著名的学校，叫夏山



Where the children didn't have to attend class at all.

这里的学生，不一定要去上课



They lived on site and then they were able to learn whatever they wanted to.

他们是移动课堂，想学什么就学什么



And interestingly, they found within a couple of weeks all the kids that were wanting to stay home started showing up in class

有趣的是，最后发现，在几周之内，那些过去想待在家里的孩子，开始在课堂上出现




And they started creating models and things like that to work from

他们学习制作模型等类似的技能



And a lot of his kids ended up going to harvard

最终很多学生都考上了哈佛



图片



巴夏：

Learning is exciting.

学习，是很令人兴奋的



People want to learn

人人都想学习



If they are allowed to learn the way that it's natural for them, to learn that in the way that align with their excitement.

如果学生可以 以对他们个人而言是“自然 / 天生”的方式去学习；如果学习的方式，与他们的兴奋相一致



People are sponges, they will absorb it all.

那么，他们会像海绵一样，吸收这些学习的内容



They will find ways to adapt information that may be necessary in your society

他们会找到办法，学会各种社会生活中所需要的知识技能



Into a methodology that they can relate to.

进而形成一种适合自己的学习方法论



And then they will learn what they need to learn

于是，他们就会学会任何需要学习的东西



They will learn the guidelines

他们会掌握 学习规则/指导方针/指导准则



Yes, of course, we understand

当然，我们也理解



there are certain things that may be handy for everyone on your planet to know

掌握一些知识、技能，可以使你们的生活更简便



Certain guidelines that are part of living your life in a productive and safe way,

明白一些方法、准则，可以使你们的工作更有效率、也更安全



But these things can all be learned in a way that is in alignment with excitement.

你们可以以很兴奋的方式，学习这些内容



They don't have to be learned in a rogue manner

学习不能太刻板



And they can't be learned in a rogue manner

刻板了，就学不会



图片



问：

It kind of brings to mind also that when we listen to your information and even the recordings of your information there is a holographic effect with it where,

这也让我想起，每次我们听你说话，即使是你的视频或录音，都有一个全息效果



When you listen to it, you hear something different every time.

也就是，每次听都会听到一些不同的东西



Because it seems so specifically designed to interact with the individual who's listing their consciousness in a way that's very specific to what they need to learn or what are excited to learn

似乎是特别定制的，恰好与听者的当下心理状态吻合，说的内容，就是我们现在需要听的，或者听了会很兴奋的




巴夏：

Exactly!

完全正确！



Because you are different people at every moment

因为每一刻，你都是不同的人



And you will hear different things that we have embedded in the communications at different times

所以，相同的信息，在不同时刻，你会听到不同内容



问：

So it is just frequency thing

这跟频率有关吧



like the kid school, I don't know that they feel that kind of experience when they're being taught something

现在的学生，在课堂上，并没有这样的体验、这样的感觉吧



巴夏：

That's because they're not being taught holographicly

那是因为他们的教学方式，并不是全息式的



图片



问：

So what is the energy that the information is imbued with that allows people to experience that?

那什么样的信息，有这种能量，可以让人有这样的体验呢？



巴夏：

It's what we just said

这就是我们刚才说的



In a holographic presentation where you know that everyone will pick up what they need to pick up how they need to pick it up when they need to pick it up

在全息式教学中，老师知道：每个人都会学到自己该学的，以适合自己的方式学，在需要的时候学



There is the allowance

这样的老师，懂得“允许”



For that to happen in their own way at their own pace in their own timing

允许学生，以他们自己的方式、节奏，在适合的时候学习



Rather than the insistence

而不是强迫他们



（例如：）


that if they don't get it now, They've missed the train

现在不学，以后就不讲了（错过火车）



Goodbye sorry you failed.

抱歉，再见了，落后生！



It is the delivery of information in a way that contains the information and structures the information in a way

全息教学，就是以特定的方式，来组织、架构和传递信息



That is actually designed specifically to allow everyone to absorb the information they need

这种特制的教学法，允许每个人吸收自己所需的信息



And only the information they need in exactly the way they need to absorb it

而且是以他们自己的方式，吸收仅仅在当下所需的信息



问：

And is that also because the frequency that your sharing is imbued with the Gamma frequencies?

是不是你分享的信息，也是伽玛频率的呢？



巴夏：

Yes!

对的



Because we are inducing you to also go into the Gamma frequency in order to absorb the information on deeper levels of your consciousness

因为我们在引导你们进入伽玛状态（脑电波），从而能在更深层次的意识状态中，吸收信息



By radiating that frequency

我们不断地辐射出这种频率



nd by allowing you to match that frequency

同时允许你们调到这种频率



If you wish to.

如果你们愿意的话



问：

OK! So it's perfect!

太棒了！堪称完美！



When you teach from the Gamma state and you share that energy,

当你处在伽玛状态去教学，并散发这股能量



The individual that's listening, then is encouraged to harmonize and reach the Gamma state

就是鼓励听众，去调整自身频率，进入伽马状态



And then they have a holographic experience with the information they are receiving

那么，他们对所接收到的信息，就有一个全息的体验



巴夏：

Yes! And this is why it's up to the adults who are teaching to be very very imaginative

对的！所以，当老师的，需要有非常非常丰富的想象力



And allow themselves to teach from the state of the higher mind, the Gamma state, the imagination state,

让自己处在高我意识、或伽马状态、或有创造力状态，去教学



Because if there is a Gamma teacher,  it's far more probable that there will be a Gamma class

因为一个伽玛老师，几乎都会有一大群伽马学生



图片

问：

I don't know if it is the same topic, but I am wondering

我不知道这两个话题是否相同，但是我在想



巴夏：

NLP neurolinguistic programming, why it is so effective with human consciousness

NLP，神经语言程序学，为什么它对人类意识是如此有效



Because it's a physical form of telempathy.

因为NLP是“心灵感应”的一种实体形式



The idea again remembers that

我再说一下



Telempathy is not that you're reading someone else's mind. It's that you're having the same thought at the same time,

心灵感应，不是你读取了对方的思想，而是你们同时有着相同的思想



Because you're on a similar wavelength

因为，你们的 脑电波/振频 相似



NLP neurolinguistic programming trains you to actually match in every way that you possibly can the actual physical and neurological modality of someone else

NLP，神经语言程序学，尽一切可能地训练你，在肢体动作上、思维神经上都与另一个人相似



You're mirroring their actions, their behaviors

你在模仿他们的行动、他们的表现



Every movement, every sign,

每一个动作，每一个手势，



their body language, their attitude, their energy

他们的肢体语言，他们的态度，他们的能量



And when you match them perfectly enough you will actually start having the same thought at the same time,

当你完美地匹配对方，你就能在同时，跟他们有着相同的 思维/想法



And you will experience telempathy

你就能体验到心灵感应



You will know exactly what they're thinking by mirroring them

你通过模仿他们，就能清楚地知道他们在想什么



问：

And then that simultaneously reprograms your psyche.

那同时也能改写你的心智，是吧？



巴夏：

It can, yes!

是的，当然可以！



Depending upon what is your're mirror

这取决于你模仿的对象



And what your intent is behind mirroring it.

以及，你模仿行为其背后的意图



This is why the idea of role models can be important

这就是为什么，榜样是很重要的(耶稣 佛陀)



Again, of course, you will always be unique

当然，你永远都是独一无二的



You always do it in your own way.

你总是以自己的方式行事



But if you're picking positive role models

但是，如果你选个正面积极的榜样



that are already representative of a typical kind of behavior and reality and lifestyle that you prefer for yourself

这个榜样的行为处事、生活方式、外在环境等，都是你希望自己也拥有的



Well, by mimicking and doing the kinds of things that that person is doing in their life to the best of your ability.

那你尽自己最大能力，去模仿他在日常生活中的做事方式



You start to take on that energy

你便开始汇聚这股能量



You start to mirror that reality

你便开始显化类似实相



And you will allow whatever version of it is unique to you to manifest in the easiest and most effortless possible way

你将允许一切自然发生，允许属于你的独一无二的世界，以最以最简单、最轻松不费力方式，来到你



You can use NLP that way

你可以这么用NLP



Does that help?

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes,it is kind of interesting how our brains are wired to allow us to absorb information.

有的！我们大脑的巧妙设计，让我们接收信息的方式，真是太有意思了！



巴夏：

It is the receiver between the higher mind and the physical mind

大脑，是高我意识与身体意识之间的的信息接收器



And it is wired to receive an array of frequencies on fractal scale

其（神经）布局可以接受到 分形指数级 的一系列频率



And it will interpret and download and transform those frequencies in a way that is relevant for whatever is possible in the belief system to be capable of being held in the personality

并将这些频率编译、下载，并转化成个人的相关、其信念系统所允许接收的、任何可能信息



图片

问：

You're really expanding our perception, what we can do to teach in schools in the educational system from a completely really new place and then have help these children to have a much more expensive and amazing experience

你大大地扩展了我们的感知力，让我们明白，在当前教育体系下，我们能做一些改善，从而帮助孩子们，有一个更加丰富多彩的校园生活



巴夏：

It is not really that new

这也不算新



Because there are times in your history were other civilizations used to understand this and use it

因为，在你们的历史中，有一些文明古国了解并使用这种教学方式



In particular some of the ancient atlantean teachings were more in this direction

尤其是一些古亚特兰蒂斯的教学，大致都在这个方向



But you forgot this and now you're remembering, so that's okay.

你们过去忘记了，但现在慢慢回想起来，这真的很好！



问：

Just so much more fun to learn as a kid when you're doing what you love to do

能像小孩子一样，做着爱做的事，真是太好玩了！



巴夏：

And one of the most important things for allowing you to learn

让你们能好好学习，天天向上的很重要的一点是：



is to make sure that you are fueled up.

确保你们加满油（吃饱饭）！



So now, please take your break and nourish yourselves

所以现在，稍作休息，犒赏自己一顿美味午餐吧



So that you will be more capable of absorbing more information without wearing yourselves out.

这样你们就能吸收更多信息，而不是饿到前胸贴后背



We will resume this transmission after your nourishment break.

我们，饭后再聊



Enjoy

放开肚皮，去吃吧！