巴夏：付诸行动
2025.1.24

前言：


这是完整的两部分讲座的第二部分，两部分信息需要完整的结合起来一起学习以形成闭环的理解。



“你真正的天然的自我的振动，更高层面的高我心智的振动，是你的物质界的心智和物质界的身体经常翻译成激情、快乐、热忱、爱与创造力的振动。



所以当你生活中更多的出现包含这些品质的情况，当你生活中出现了更多这种感受，这就是采取行动的方向。



因为你看到它在某种意义上是一个包含两部分的过程，下载信息的想法很好，但是如果你没有真正对灵感采取行动，如果你没有真正采取行动去应用你的想象力，愿景，梦想。那么你就是在短路你的显化进程，因为这个“下载信息-付诸行动”的进程非常类似于水流或电流，能量必须流经你并应用于你的现实，以便高维信息的下载继续。”——巴夏：下载高我信息的松果腺体（高我心智、物质界心智、大脑松果体的关系）-讲座专栏



第一部分已经翻译整理完毕，由于这是两部分讲座作为完整的信息闭环，首先推荐大家学习第一部分??巴夏：下载高我信息的松果腺体（高我心智、物质界心智、大脑松果体的关系）-讲座专栏的内容。




图片


下面是第一部分内容紧接着的第二部分内容，由呕心沥血的飞翔的外星人Jubilee??翻译整理：



《巴夏：付诸行动》







今天，和大家说声好。大家好吗？我就当大家没意见了。

I’ll say good day to you this day of your time. How are you all? I will take that as an okay.



感谢大家一同参与今天这次互动。

We thank you once again for the co-creation of this interaction this day of your time.



我们将开始这次互动，我们把这次互动的主题定为：付诸行动。

and we will begin this interaction which we have entitled take action in the following way

图片

代表行动的塔罗-权杖王牌



昨晚我们谈到了下载的概念，我们会简要重申几点，因为这和下载以及采取行动的概念有关。

last night of your time we spoke about the idea of downloads and we will reiterate a few points briefly because there is connection between the idea of download and take action



巴夏：下载高我信息的松果腺体（高我心智、物质界心智、大脑松果体的关系）-讲座专栏



我们还谈到高我和外界沟通的概念，这种沟通是如何下载到物质界的肉体大脑的，再由物质界的大脑传递信息给物质界心智。

we spoke about the idea of the communion between the higher self as it downloads to the physical brain which then transmits to the physical mind information.



我们曾提醒，高我负责构思，物质界的大脑负责接收，最后由物质界心智进行感知。

And we reminded you that the higher mind conceives, the brain receives, the physical mind perceives.



我们也探讨过这种机制是如何运作的，其中涉及松果体及其产生的神经化学递质，目的是促进更高的非物质界心智（高我）之间的连接，经由物质界的肉体大脑，进入物质界人格结构（物质界心智、小我）。

And we talked about the mechanism by which that occurs involving the pineal gland and the neurochemical transmitters it creates in order to facilitate that connection between higher non-physical mind through the physical brain into the personality construct.



图片
现在，我们之所以提醒你们关于下载的概念，以及所有通过想象而来的信息、灵感---与更高的高我心智交流而来的信息，是因为这个想法包含两个步骤。

Now, the reason why we remind you of the idea of the download and all the information that comes through the conduit of imagination, inspiration, and communion with the higher mind is that The idea is a two-part process.



下载是第一步，而采取行动是第二步。

Downloading is the first part, but taking action is the second part.



我们再来打个比方，你们可以把它比作电流：如果你正在接收信息，如果你正在接收灵感，但如果你没有真正让信息内化，通过实际行动将其付诸于物质界现实，那么继续通过下载获取信息就毫无意义了。

Once again, by analogy you can liken it to the idea of electricity in the sense that if you are receiving information if you are receiving inspiration If you do not actually flow that information through you apply it by physical action in your physical reality then there is really no point in the continuation of the downloading of information.



如果你不让信息内化流经你，你就短路并阻碍了信息在物质界现实中被应用，因此信息就只能停留在你体内，在你体内累积。因此下载这个过程也会停止，因为没必要再获取更多信息了，如果你还没运用你所获得的。

If you do not flow it through you, you have short-circuited its ability to be applied in physical reality and therefore the download information can simply stay within you build up within you, And the downloads, in a sense, can seem to cease. For there is no reason to pick up any more information if you haven’t already used what you’ve been given.



所以，要真正利用这些信息，让更多信息进入，在物质界现实中采取行动至关重要。

So it is crucial to understand that in order to really use the information to allow more information to come through taking action is very important in your physical reality.



当然，当我们提到采取行动时，就像我们常说的，我们指的是对最让你兴奋的事采取行动。

And of course, when we talk about taking action As we have many times we are referring to the idea of taking action on the thing that excite you the most



因为兴奋是你真实自己振动能量的物质界体现。现在，显然有很多方法可以付诸行动，今天我们将利用大家的时间讨论这些。

Because excitement is the physical translation of the vibratory energy represent your true self Now, obviously there are many ways in which you can take action. And we will be discussing these today, of your time.



而且，在这次讨论里，我们将与你们中的一些人进行深入的互动，将这个行动理念应用到你们各自的生活中，以及具体情况中。换句话说，如果你们在显化所期望的事物上遇到任何困难，我们可以具体讨论，为了突破瓶颈，可能需要采取哪些行动，解除障碍，让信息和能量流动，从而在现实中实现显化。

And, in this discussion we will engage some of you, specifically, personally to apply this idea of action in your lives in your own personal and specific situations so in other words if you are having any degree of difficulty in manifesting what you prefer we can discuss in specific terms what actions might be necessary to unstick yourselves unblock yourselves allow that information that energy to flow and to create an effect of manifestation in your reality.



但请再次提醒大家采取行动的基本要点，因为我们之前说过，当我们谈到你们星球上被称为“秘密”的理念时，我们谈到“秘密的秘密”：

But let us remind you once again of the basics of taking action because as we talked about when we spoke of the idea now on your planet that is labeled the secret and we talked about the secret of the secret is that It’s all well



拥有对某事的热情是件好事，但你必须对热情本身也充满热情，这样它才能真正延续。很多人会说自己正在追随并实践热情，但他们太容易就放弃了，当他们没有达到预期时。

and good to have passion about a thing but you must also be passionate about having passion in order for it to really continue. Many people will say they are following and acting on their passion but they give up all too easily when they do not get what they expect.



关键在于，如果你对保持热情这件事本身没有热情，那么这份热情也就无法持续。对于那些你真正热衷的事情，你永远不会放弃，你会想尽一切办法，只为再次追求那个想法。

The idea is that if you are not passionate about being passionate then the idea of the passion will not be sustained. for the ideas that that which truly you are passionate about you would never give up on you would look for any avenue anyway any methodology what so ever by wish to pursue that idea



现在，当我们谈论采取行动时，要明白的是：即不要带有特定期望，或者说，可以称之为期盼。付诸行动会给你带来你所需的，这些随之而来的事物会增强、加速并扩展你的快乐、创造力和激情。

now once again when we talk about the idea of taking action it is within the context of understanding that it is to be without specific expectation you can have for lack of a better term the expectancy that it will bring you what you need, what you require. It will increase, accelerate and expand your joy, your creativity, your passion.



但这里说的期望，指的是具体的方式——你设想事情将如何发生。正如我们昨晚提到的，关键是，你的物质界心智并不真正知道事物会如何显现，但它可以在心中构想出一个象征性的显现，在你的脑海中，这代表你所渴望和偏爱的那种现实的想法。

But the expectation refers to the specific way in which you might envision a thing coming to fruition. And as we mentioned last night of your time the idea is that your physical mind does not really have the capability of knowing exactly how a thing may manifest. But it does have the capability of envisioning a symbolic manifestation in its mind that represents the idea of that particular reality that you desire you prefer



现在，我们不是说，你的物质界心智想象的那个画面，代表你偏爱的那种现实就无法实现。它有时确实会完全如你所想般显化，但我们要提醒你的是，无论你的物质界心智所能想象出的那个所谓理想现实是什么，并非（即便你的物质界心智这样认为）一定就是你真正渴望的现实的最高体现。

Now, we are not saying that what your physical mind might imagine as a picture that represents that reality you prefer cannot manifest. It can and sometimes often does exactly as you have pictured it. But what we are reminding you of is that whatever it is the physical mind is capable of conjuring up as an image of that so-called preferred reality, that idealized reality, that desired reality, is not even though the physical mind may think so, necessarily the highest depiction of that reality you actually desire, of that state of being.



物质界心智只能进行有限的想象，在其所处的物质现实中，它无法同时处理过多信息，也无法感知某些来自更高层领域（高我心智）才有的事物。

The physical mind can only imagine so much in the context of its physical reality. It is not capable of handling too much information at the same time. And it is not capable of perceiving certain things that are the domain of the higher mind.



巴夏：物质界现实的本质-讲座专栏



所以，关键是：无论你所设想的理想现实是怎样的，你可以把它当作模板，当作指引，用来感受、识别并体验你设想的现实的那份振动和兴奋，以及那代表着的热忱。

So the idea is that whatever it is you picture as a vision of the reality you prefer You can use that as a template. You can use that as a guide. You can use that to allow yourself to feel, to identify and feel the vibration, the excitement the passion that represents that reality.



请记住，你脑海中的画面来自你的物质界心智，也许在你看来是脑海中的画面所能构想的最高体现，但对更高的高我心智而言，物质界心智所能构想的东西只是那个想法的最低体现。

But please remember and recognize that whatever the picture is you have that is conjured from your physical mind is to you, perhaps, seeming the highest possible representation of that idea but to the higher mind it’s the lowest possible representation of that idea.



因此，更高的高我心智会以物质界心智的构想为基础并向上提升，最终会给你带来更伟大、更激动人心的事物，远比你用物质界心智能想象到的更富想象力。

And thus then the higher mind will take that as a foundation and can go up from there. And actually give you something manifest something for you that is far greater, far more exciting far more imaginative than you were capable of imagining with the physical mind.



所以，重要的是不要执着于你物质界心智所构想的期望，不一定非得按那样发生。因为如果你固执于此，就会阻碍高我心智以你想象不到的更好方式将它给予你。

So that’s why it is important to not insist with your expectation that the vision your physical mind conjures for you must be the way it occurs. Because if you insist on it you’re actually stopping the higher mind from giving it to you in a way that might be better than you imagined.



把物质界心智的构想当作参考，要知道这是高我心智需要去锁定的振动。锁定了这层振动后，你就能允许与这份振动相符的事物在你生命里彰显，你会发现那才是你最快乐、最有益、也最充满激情、爱和创造力的状态。

Just use it as a guide knowing that it is the vibration the higher mind needs to key off of to then bring to you what you are willing to allow to come to you as the actual thing that represents the state of being that you really, really would find most joyful, most beneficial, most passionate, most loving, most creative.



但采取行动至关重要，也是无论你所构想的愿景怎样，得以实现的关键，无论是字面意义，还是会变得更好。

But this idea of taking action is paramount and key into fulfilling whatever that vision represents be it literal or be it something that will be even better, even greater.



行动起来——因为你们是物质界的居民。对你的兴奋采取行动本身就是一种承诺——向你的高我展示你愿意投身于那个现实、那种振动和存在状态，并接收与之相应的一切。

Taking action because you are physical beings the idea of actually acting on your excitement is making a commitment And it is showing it is demonstrating to your higher mind that you are willing to commit to that reality, to that vibration, to that state of being. That you are open to receiving anything that is of that state of being.



这也意味着你愿意审视自己的内在，任何事物——一套信念系统，一个定义，一种情绪，一个想法——只要你内在需要被处理的，为了让你成为更完整的人、为了朝着你所期望的现实与理想存在状态前进。

It is also being willing to look at anything within yourself. Anything at all. A belief system, a definition, an emotion, a thought. Anything within yourself that needs to be processed in order for you to become a more integrated being in order to move forward in the direction of that preferred reality that preferred state of being.



当你朝着最让你兴奋的方向行动时，你会开始一个进程，让事情运转起来，解锁你人格结构中的某些特质；你会开始注意到某些信念和定义，这些会被带到你面前，让你意识到它们。

as You take actions in your life in the direction of the things that excite you the most You will start a process start a ball rolling as you say that will unlock your Certain parameters within your personality certain beliefs and certain definitions will then be brought to your attention. You will be made conscious of them.



当你在行动中意识到信念和定义时，之所以让你察觉，并不是因为你被卡在那里，而是表明这是你要去处理的事，给你机会去超越和整合它们。

And when you are made conscious of them as you take these actions you are not made conscious of them because it is a reflection that you are stuck with it. You are made conscious of them because it is a reflection that this is what you need to deal with so that it gives you the opportunity to move beyond it to integrate it and move beyond it.



所以，当类似情况出现时，即使你毫无准备，也要明白那是美好的机遇，能让你前进、超越，并推动你向前走。如果你能在积极的状态下处理这些情境，把它们看作助你迈向下一个阶段的阶梯。

So anytime anything like that comes up even if you didn’t expect it it is a joyful event that gives you the opportunity to propel yourself through it and beyond it if you will act upon that circumstance in that way, from that positive point of view. Labeling it as positive that it is there using it in a positive way as a stepping stone to the next stepping stone.



记住，每个点、每个想法都是进步的阶梯。如果你不去认可它的存在，就无法用它迈向下一步，会如同出现断层。

Remember, Every point, every idea is a stepping stone. And if you don’t validate the one that’s there you cannot use it to get to the next one. It will be as if there is a gap.



所以，采取行动的过程是整体的，是不断前进的，哪怕在你们所谓的“信仰”里，它并不需要你理解的那种信仰，而可以是一种确知，一种充分的知晓。

So the idea of taking action is an overall holistic process of taking steps forward in what you might typically call faith but doesn’t really require faith as you understand it. It can be a knowing, an absolute knowing.



那是你更高的高我心智在引导你，你所采取的行动和你生活中呈现的事物，其实是如果被积极运用，就能带你到达你真正想去的地方。那就是它们存在的目的。

That your higher mind is guiding you and that the steps you take and the things that are presented to you in life are the things that actually when used in a positive way, when acted on in a positive way will get you where you actually wish to go. that’s what they’re there for



它们的存在是为了让你通过特定的形式和流程体验这段旅程，从而真正懂得欣赏、充分利用，并最终显化。正因如此，你需要行动，也正是为了学习你所需要的一切。

but they’re there to give you that journey in a particular form in a particular process that actually gives you the ability to fully appreciate and fully utilize what it is that ultimately will manifest the process is for that reason taking action is for that reason is for learning the things You need to learn.



你需要体验行动这个过程，因为整个过程即是你目标的展现。当那个目标真正显现时，你将更有能力、更具感激地理解它并运用，为所有相关方带来最佳效果。

Experiencing the process, you need to experience in order that when the thing itself that might be the object of the manifestation manifests you actually will have more capability more appreciation to utilize it in the best possible way for all concerned.



这就是重点。我们之前讲了很多关于采取行动的方式，关于如何根据你的热情行动的多个层面，所以现在再给大家复习几个要点。

So that’s what that’s about. Now we have talked about many ways of taking action, many levels of the idea of taking action on your excitement. And so we will remind you right now of a few.



根据你的热情行动时，请记住：这不意味着你必须有一个特定的、持续一生的事业或具体项目。当然那也可以，但如果你还没想好目标，不一定非得从那开始。

When we talk about the idea of taking action on your excitement, again, please remember it doesn’t mean you have to have some sort of particular life-spanning career or project in mind. You can, that’s fine. But you don’t have to start there if you don’t have one in mind.



最重要的一点是（再次强调）：你随时都有很多事情可做。你只要看一看这些可行的选项，然后选择最让你兴奋、当下你也有最大能力去实践的那个，付诸行动。

The idea, first and foremost, is to recognize that, again at any given moment you have available to you a number of options of things you could do. All you have to do is look at all the options available to you and act on the one that is most exciting to you that you have the greatest degree of ability to take action on at that moment.



如果多个选择都同样让你兴奋，那你可以任选一个去做，让它引导你是否继续朝该方向前进，或转去做另一个。或者你也可以给这两个同样令人兴奋的事情重新贴标签、重新定义，把它们视为一个更宏大的兴奋目标的不同面向。

And if more than one seems equally exciting then you can either take action on either and let it guide you as to whether to keep going in that direction or turn around and do the other one or you can relabel, redefine, and re-identify the two apparently equally exciting things as simply different aspects of one larger overriding over all exciting things of which those two things might simply be reflections of.



这是一个整合、融合兴奋感，并发现其内在联系的机会。如果两件事同样让你兴奋，看起来难分伯仲，那你采取何种行动其实都无关紧要。

It’s an opportunity to consolidate and integrate the idea of your excitement and recognize connections where they exist if two things seem equal to you in excitement. but if they do seem equal it won’t matter really what you take action on



基于你最能付诸行动的想法。第一条是：选择最令你兴奋的事；第二条：你有最大能力去做的，就尽力为之，直到无法继续为止。当你到达新的十字路口时，再看看周围有哪些机会、情境，依然遵从“最兴奋”的标准，然后行动。

based on the idea of what you have the greatest ability to take action on so that’s the first criteria choose whatever it is that most exciting secondly that you have the greatest degree of ability to actually do something about and take it as far as you can until you can take it no further then when you reach that new crossroads look around for what opportunities circumstances and situations are, once again, most representative of the most exciting thing. And choose that and act on it.



再次强调，不是要寻找那些表面上看似和你热情目标直接关联的事，而是去跟随那些最让你兴奋的行动。你之所以兴奋，正是因为它和你想去的方向相连。

Now, once again, it’s not about looking for those things that you think are suppose to appeal connected to what you think excites you. It’s simply about following whatever is most exciting and knowing that the reason it’s most exciting is because it is connected to where you want to go. That’s why it’s exciting.



不是因为它表面上看着一定有关联。很多时候，最让你兴奋的事，看起来和其他让你兴奋的目标并无关系，但它们其实可能是“朝那个方向前进”的“阻力最小的路径”。

Not because it has to look like it’s connected, because very often the things that excite you the most will not necessarily appear to be connected to other things that excite you but they may actually in fact be representative, moving in that direction, of the path of least resistance.



你的物质界心智也许以为“阻力最小的路径”是某个方向，但你的高我心智会通过“最令你兴奋的事”告诉你真正的“阻力最小路径”，即使乍看起来有点绕。

Your physical mind may think that the path of least resistance is this way but your higher mind will show you through the idea of what comes with the most excitement what the path of least resistance actually is even if it seems a little bit circuitous at first.



兴奋会告诉你：那才是最短、最迅速、最轻松的捷径。相信你的兴奋感，相信你的热情，它会带你走对的方向，帮你处理该处理的事情，让你体验到你所需的同步性。

The excitement tells you it’s actually the shortest, quickest, most effortless path. Trust the excitement. Trust the passion. It will lead you in the proper direction. It will allow you to process what you need to process. It will allow you the synchronicity that you need to experience.



它也会以最佳方式带你到达目标，让你有最大的能力与欣赏来运用你所显化的一切。

And it will get you where you’re going in the best possible way with the highest amount of ability and appreciation to use what you manifest.



现在，同步性在行动中至关重要。再说一遍，当你真的愿意全力以赴时，就去行动——对你所说的让你兴奋的事做出承诺，尽你所能，让行动成为你在物质界实打实的体验。让行动真实的去感受、去品尝、去闻、去触摸、去看、去听，要尽可能地实现它——采取行动，身体力行。

Now, Synchronicity plays a big key in the idea of taking action. Once again, when you are willing to really put yourself out, take action make a commitment to the things you say excite you do whatever it is you can do to make that a physical reality for yourself to make it real, to feel it, to taste it, to smell it, to touch it, to see it, to hear it to really make it as real as possible, taking action, physical action, physical activity.



专注于让你兴奋的事，尽你所能。生活中会出现越来越多的巧合，让对的人、对的地点、对的时间，在你需要时恰如其分地来到你面前。它不会在你需要的前一秒出现，但也不会在你需要的后一秒出现。这就是同步性的意义所在——完美时机。

On that thing that excites you to whatever degree you can more and more synchronicity will occur in your life that will bring to you the right people, the right places, the right time the right support exactly when you need it. It may not come one second before you need it but it will not come one second later than you need it. That’s what synchronicity is all about. Perfect timing. Perfect timing.



完美时机将所有一切汇聚在一起，所有元素在恰当的时机出现，都向你示现万物一体、万物相连，而同步性正是线性时空中万物相连的体现，让你看见万事万物彼此交织的事实。

The coming together, the right place and time of all the elements that demonstrate to you that everything is one that everything is connected, and synchronicity is the linear space-time representation of that fact that everything touches everything else.



你所需的任何部分都会在你需要时恰好出现，不早不晚，分秒不差。因为如果你不需要，它出现也没有意义。

and that any part that needs to be there in your kit will be there exactly when you need it, not a second later, but not a second sooner because if you don’t need it there’s no point in it showing up.



我们明白，很多时候你们犹豫不决、不愿行动，是因为你们在等某个“契机”，想着“等它出现了，我才会行动”。但其实，更多时候恰好相反：当你开始行动，你所需要的契机就会出现。这正是你需要学会相信的——通常事情就是这样运作。

So many times we know That one of the reasons many of you hesitate to take some of the actions that are necessary to get things rolling is because you’re waiting for something to show up, thinking, well I’ll take the action when that thing’s there. But in fact, it actually works the other way around more often than not. When you take the action then that thing is there when you need it. And that’s what you need to learn to trust is that that’s how the kit usually works.



当然，有时契机也可能会先出现，但很多时候并不会。但这都不该阻止你行动。整个过程会在契机该发生的时候，以契机该有的方式发生。

Sometimes it might be there first but many times it may not be. But that should not stop you. The whole process will occur when it needs to in exactly the manner that it does.



现在，关于采取行动，我们也讨论过“尽可能牢固地创造你脑海中理想现实的愿景”，以及用物质界的事物去模拟或“预演”这个愿景，尽你所能。

Now, in terms of taking action we have also talked about the idea of creating as solidly as possible the vision that you have in your mind of what represent your ideal reality We have talked about the idea of mocking it up in physical terms, simulating it, if you will as best as you can.



竭尽全力仍然是重要的关键。你会发现很多自认是成功显化者的人，在人生不同阶段都曾有过愿景，而他们也会以某种方式亲身演练那个愿景，哪怕当时并不是真正的“正式时刻”。

This is still an important key. Once again, you will find that many people who consider themselves to be successful manifestors will have at various points in their lives, had a vision but they will actually have play-acted the vision out physically in some fashion even though it may not actually have been at the moment the“real thing”



例如，想要登上舞台或拍电影的演员，或许会在拿到正式角色前，就先去舞台或片场，找朋友拍摄，然后演一段戏——可能是他们自己或别人写的——他们会以实际动作模拟，就像那一刻真在拍电影一样，真干实干，成为真正的演员。

An actor, for example who wishes to act on stage or wishes to act in a movie may simply go before they have ever given a part they may simply go to a stage to a sound stage may hire their friends to run a camera. They will then act out a part, perhaps that they wrote or someone else wrote but they will go through the actual physical motion, mocking it up as though they really are, at that moment making a real movie doing it for real being a real actor.



通过这种方式，通过采取这样的行动，不仅是去做力所能及、与你热爱之事相关的任何实务，更是通过“演练”来适应那个场景——某种意义上你正在训练身体去适应那种“理想现实”的振动。

and by doing that, By taking that kind of action as well not only acting on the things you are capable of acting on that apparently relate to the thing that you prefer but also mocking it up and acting through that scenario, you then train, in a sense your body consciousness to get used to that vibration of that reality.



你把它做得越真实，大脑和身体就越相信那是真的，而越是真实，你就越能与高我心智保持一致，让它以某种形式显化那个现实给你。

The more real you can make it the more real your brain and your body will believe that it is. And the more real your brain and body vibrations believe that it is the easier it will be for you to align with your higher mind and allow the higher mind to manifest that reality for you in some form.



所以，模拟也是一种行动方式。但我们也知道，即使多次提到此概念，许多人还是会认为那仅仅是“隐喻”，只会在脑海中稍作练习，而不真正去“改造”你的物理环境，让它尽量逼近你所偏爱的现实。

So mocking it up is also a form of taking action. But again, we recognize that even though we have discussed this idea many times many of you will still think we are talking metaphorically and will just do the exercise in your mind and will not actually go to the length to actually physically transform your physical environment to actually be as close a representation of the reality you prefer that you would prefer



因此，我们强烈建议你付诸行动，在你的现实中，创造尽可能接近那个理想现实的“仿真体验”，并把它当真。让它看起来越逼真越好——你可以用想象力，但不是只坐在那儿想，而是在真实的模拟布景中演绎和排练。就像“排练”那个现实，你越排练，就越做得好，也越能发现自己渐渐活在那种现实里。

So we are urging you strongly to actually take action in the direction of creating in your reality some representation as close to the vision of that reality as you can that is physically present and key off of those representations as though they are real which is why it’s important to make them look as real as possible But you can use your imagination in this but not just to sit around and use your imagination. Use your imagination while you are physically mocking it up. To play act through that and get used to that. It’s like rehearsal of that reality. And the more you rehearse the better you get. And the more you actually find yourself then living that reality.



另一种方式：密切观察你在脑海中“理想现实”中所看到的那个自己。因为那个版本的你，做事方式往往跟你日常的行为有很大差别。

Another variation of the idea of taking action in that vision in your mind. is to pay attention very closely to the version of you you see in that image you have of that ideal reality. Because that version of you will do things very often very differently than you go about doing things in your day-to-day reality



想象你在“理想的自己”那个情境里，是为了让你有个“镜像”可模仿——如果你能像那人一样行动，就更可能收获那个版本的你所在的现实。

The idea of seeing yourself in that vision of the ideal reality that you prefer is for the purpose of creating a mirror reflection for you to mimic so that if you become if you act like that person you are more likely to have the reality you see that version of you having.



仔细观察那个版本的你的思维、言语、行为，包括肢体语言和身体表现。因为若那个版本的你身处一个“充满热情”的现实，他/她连做普通事的方式，都可能跟你现在很不一样。

Observe closely the thoughts, the words, the deeds, the body language, the physical behavior of that version of you in that reality. Because if that you is actually in a reality that is representative of his or her passion that you is going to be doing even the ordinary things in a much different way than you might do.



所以，你可以通过这种方式指出你们之间的差异，以减少差异。你越像那个理想中的他/她，就越能吸引与之对应的现实。

And so you have the ability to use your imagination this way. To point out the difference between the two. So that you can create less difference between the two. The more you act like him or her in that version of your ideal reality the more you will attract that reality.



让那个版本的你去经历你当下生活中的日常活动，或者你希望在理想现实中拥有的日常事项。即便是平凡或琐碎的小事，也去看看那时的你是如何做的。如果那个你确实活在代表他/她热情的现实中，那他/她做同样事情时，一定会与现在的你很不一样。

And take that version of you through all the typical daily routines you may have in your life or that you want in that reality. Even if it is something that you typically consider ordinary or mundane watch how that you does it. Because if that you is actually in a reality that is representative of his or her passion that you is going to be doing even the ordinary things in a much different way than you might do.



假设你在那个理想现实中看到自己去买菜，那么你的肢体语言可能不同，也会被不同的商品吸引，也许你还会请人代买……总之，尽力去“成为”那个你，那个真正体现你快乐和热情的版本，在思想、言语和行动上都模仿并复刻它。

So let’s say you have a vision of that you in that reality and you see that you going grocery shopping. Again, the idea might be that the body language is different as you do so maybe your attention is drawn to different products as that you that are more representative of the reality you prefer maybe you will as that you hire someone to do the shopping for you again get as close as you can to that you. Whatever truly, truly represents what is most fun, most passionate for you, in thought, word, and deed and all those behaviors, mock it up, mimic it mirror it as closely as you can.



走在街上，然后想：“理想中的我”在理想现实中会如何走这条街？也许会昂首挺胸，微笑着面对每个人，轻快自在，而不是垂头丧气地游荡，心想“这一切什么时候才能发生在我身上？”

Walk down the street and say how would the ideal me with the ideal reality be walking down this street? Head held high. A smile for everyone. Feeling great. light on my feet not moping down the sidewalk wondering when it’s all going to happen for me.



因为在那个已实现的理想现实中，你没有理由一天到晚垂头丧气。想想看，那个理想版本的你会这样消沉吗？所以，如果你正在这样（垂头丧气），而理想中的你却那样（昂首挺胸），那你们的振动截然不同，你吸引事物的能力也会截然不同。所以，要采取行动。

because the version of you for whom it has already happened doesn’t have a reason to do that do they therefore if you are doing this and they are doing this there is a vast difference between your vibrations and thus a vast difference in your ability to attract So, taking action.



采取行动，是基于你渴望理解、渴望知晓：你正在将下载的信息、灵感、想象力、愿景和能量带入现实，并扎根落地。

Taking action is the willingness to understand, the willingness to know that by doing so you are bringing that downloaded information, that downloaded inspiration, that downloaded imagination, that downloaded vision, that downloaded energy and you are grounding it



你正在运用这些来源于高我的信息，通过行动把信息释放出来，创造流动。当你创造流动时，你就把自己这个容器放空了；当容器被放空，就能装进更多，而更多也会持续不断地涌入，永无止境。

you are applying it you are putting it out there so that you are creating a flow. And when you create a flow you empty the vessel. And when you empty the vessel more can be poured in. And more will come. And more will keep coming. And it will never stop.

图片
炼金术空之核心：巴夏：时空魔法的实践



它不会停止。有时看似停止，但并不是真的停，只是提醒你也许要暂停一下，去思考当下正在发生什么，从容地沉淀思绪，并不意味着一切就此结束。

It will never stop. There are times when it may seem to stop. But that doesn’t mean it actually has stopped. It may simply mean that there is a reason to pause and ponder what’s going on. And contemplate in a peaceful manner. That doesn’t mean anything has stopped.



永远别把任何事视为障碍，否则它就成了障碍。允许自己去面对它，任其所是——你要明白，它出现必然有其缘由。你怎么知道？因为你说了算。记住，造物主从不会反驳你，以前没有，将来也不会。

never label anything as an obstacle or it will be experienced as an obstacle simply allow yourself to sit with it let it be what it is knowing knowing it’s there for a reason how do you know it’s there for a reason because you say so again remember nothing in creation will contradict you it never has before and it never will



即使你坚决要体验极端负面的现实，造物主也不会驳斥你；当你执意要拥有积极的现实时，造物主亦不会驳斥。你可以自由选择任何你想要的现实。

even when you insist on having extremely negative realities creation doesn’t contradict you. It’s not going to contradict you when you insist on having a positive one. So feel free to have whatever reality you prefer.



但因为你们身处物质界，所以你必须朝你想要的方向行动，否则宇宙无法感受到你的决心，无法翻动那个“开关”来强化那个现实。如果你不行动，其实就等于你在说：“我并不真的想要那样。”于是你得到的只会是：什么都没发生，停滞不前。

But because you are physical beings it is imperative that you take action in the direction of what you prefer or the universe will not experience the commitment from you that will flip the switch to allow things to happen to reinforce that reality if you’re not taking action you’re actually saying you don’t really want it and therefore you are getting what you asked for nothing stasis static.



可当你顺势而为时，一切就会开始流动。你必须先打开那个“阀门”，然后“精灵”才能帮你实现愿望——你内心的精灵。

but when you flow everything flows you must uncork the valve and then The genie can grant your wishes. The genie within you.



现在，让我们来探讨一下在个人生活中如何通过行动来实现目标，也就是你们可能正面临的种种挑战。

Now, let us explore some specific ideas in your personal lives about taking action, manifestation things that you might be experiencing as difficulties, obstacles, impediments, if you wish.



别忘了探索第一部分！感谢你的喜欢，未来精彩继续！



