巴夏：当你觉得生活卡住时你可以这样做
2025.3.1

翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee

节选自2025.2.22《Bashar：Expect The Unexpected》


问：

这个人说自己的热忱是自我表达，自我探索、个人发展和成长。而且他非常喜欢阅读，学习你们爱莎莎尼人提供的新的知识。这段经历让他们逐渐明白自己为什么长期不快乐。“回顾我走过的路，我发现自己很喜欢和别人分享所学，我想做教练，帮助人们发现自我，摆脱感觉到‘卡住’的情况”。但阻碍他们的，是一种感觉——即使尝试了各种指导以及他们不断寻求各种意识许可的工具，他们仍然感到困住了，找不到持久的快乐。如果指导对他们自己都没用，他们又怎能支持它呢？
This person is saying they're passionate about self-expression, self-exploration, personal development, and growth. And reading and discovering new knowledge like what you offer is something they truly love. And this journey has been their way of understanding why they've felt so unhappy for so long. "Thinking about my path, I realize I'm passionate about sharing what I learn with others. I want to start coaching to help people discover themselves and break free from feeling stuck." But what holds them back is this feeling that despite all the coaching and permission slips they've encountered, they still feel stuck and haven't found lasting joy. How can they support the idea of coaching when it hasn't fully worked for themselves?

巴夏：

实践出真知。只有你真正行动于指导他人才会学习到你所需要的东西。你通过付出实际行动去做而学习，你通过获得经验和经历去学习。你会成长的，你会有所领悟。但你必须开始于付诸行动。这一点极其重要，这就是我们说要对你的热忱付诸行动的原因。正是行动，正是物理的、物质界的行动会让你获得更多信息、获得理解和灵感，获得你所需要的帮助他人的事物。所以开始付诸行动吧！如果你不付诸行动，你便无法获得更多经验，你没法学到更多知识，你也无法提升助人的能力。如果光想不做，不付诸于实际行动去帮助别人，你也帮不了自己。这就是你会学习到的——通过理解你在帮助别人，也是帮助自己。
You will learn what you need by actually taking the action of coaching. You learn by doing. You learn by experience. You will grow. You will gain insights. But you have to start the actions. This is of paramount importance and why we say you have to act on your passion. It's the action, the physical action that will bring you more information, bring you understanding, bring you inspiration, bring you what you need to help others as well. So you have to start taking the action. If you don't have the actions, you're not going to gain more experience. You're not going to gain more knowledge. You're not going to gain more ability to help others. if you don't help yourself by actually taking the actions to help others too. That's how you learn. You help them, you help yourself.

问：感觉到卡住也是一种拖延吗？
Is feeling stuck also a form of procrastination?

巴夏：

有可能。所以，也可能是因为你觉得“我还不够好，我还什么都分享不了”。也许是自我的评判，也可能有很多其他原因。所以你才迟迟没有付诸行动。你在等待，你在拖延，以此当做借口，因为你觉得自己没什么可贡献的。所以说，这可能就是一种拖延。
It can be. So again, it may be, oh "I'm not worthy yet. I'm not capable of sharing anything yet." It may be self-judgment. It may be many things. And therefore, you are not taking the actions. You are waiting. You are procrastinating, using it as an excuse because you don't think that what you have to give already is worthwhile. So yes, it can be a form of procrastination.

所以，朝着那个方向采取某种行动...最终能帮你克服障碍，从而理解你的问题所在。
And so the idea of taking action in some form in that direction can... eventually help you break through whatever barriers to understanding your issue is.

所以我们才说，如果你感到困住停滞不前，那就行动起来！不妨以志愿者的身份帮助他人，去做你平时不会做的事，而不是你通常去做的典型的事物。志愿去帮助他人会让你不再钻牛角尖，志愿去帮助他人会以好的方式摆脱‘你自己’。你会开始有所收获，然后通过做一些你平时不会做的志愿者工作，或许能将这些经验加以转化为自己的学有所获，从而转化应用到你真正热忱的事业上。总而言之，即使看似可能无法与你的热忱无关，帮助他人也能带来意想不到的收获，让你走出舒适区进入一种无法期待的情景里，发现新的可能，让你能尽己所能去帮助别人。这能帮你找到自己真正热诚的事物。所以行动起来，这是关键。
This is why we sometimes say if you feel stuck Go and volunteer to help people in some way shape or form other than what you would typically do. It will get you out of your head. It will get you out of yourself in a good way. You will start to learn things and then perhaps can transfer those lessons by volunteering for something other than what you typically do that will then be transferable to what it is you are truly passionate about. So one way or another the actions you take to help others in some situation, whether immediately representative of your passion or not can unstick you by putting you in an unexpected situation where you're being of assistance and being of help to others. It can transfer to what you actually ultimately would prefer and are passionate about doing. Just take the action. That's the most important thing.

所以，如果你不能直接采取行动朝着自己热爱的事的方向采取行动，那就去做一些意想不到的义务帮助他人的活动，帮助他人，给他们食物、衣服，帮助他们读书、帮助人们盖房。无论如何，以义务帮助别人的方式去做，你会发现自己走出了困境，不仅是在义务帮助他人的行动上摆脱困境，也能在追寻热情的道路上不再迷茫。
So if you can't take the action in the direction of what you know you're passionate about, Go and volunteer for something unexpected, helping people, feeding people, clothing people, reading to people, building houses for people. Whatever it takes, volunteer to help and you will find yourself getting unstuck not only in the idea of the actions you take in your volunteer work but also getting unstuck in the direction of your passion as well.

问：

混沌（chaos）的理念，当混沌出现在物质界现实中时，是否也提供了一个摆脱困住的机会？
Does the idea of chaos when it arises in physical reality also provide an opportunity to be unstuck?

巴夏：

当然，因为现在局势混乱和混沌让事物颠倒，从而带来意想不到的转机。当一切变得不可预测，正如你所说，一切皆有可能。这意味着一切皆有可能，你就能乘势而上（使用现今比较混沌的局势），你也能借这股混沌的力前进。因为现今任何事都有可能，包括你付诸于你热忱的事物。所以，务必你务必抓住这看似混沌但却能带来积极转变的良机。
It can because it turns everything upside down, everything is unexpected. And when everything is unexpected then all bets are off, as you say. That means anything could happen and you can take advantage of that stream. You can take advantage of that momentum. Anything can happen, including the things that are representative of you acting on your passion. So by all means you can take advantage of things loosening up in a positive way.

所以说，保持积极的状态至关重要。无论外在境遇发生什么，无论情况看起来是多么混乱，你都能在混乱、混沌中找到机会，因为现在一切都充满了变数。利用好这股混沌的当今能量，任何好事都有可能发生。
And that's, again, the importance of staying in a positive state so that no matter what happens and no matter how chaotic something may seem, you will get the advantage of using chaos to your benefit because now all bets are off and anything can happen to your advantage.

问：

相应地，关于历史重演的观点，还有你提到的“保护我们在历史中所学到的经验”，这和混乱无序有什么关系？又如何能让人从历史中学习呢？
And in line with that that idea of History repeating itself and like you were saying about protection things we've learned. How does that factor into the idea of things being chaotic and still allowing for the idea of learning from history?

巴夏：

历史重演只是意味着你总有另一次机会去按你喜欢的方式改变。如果你没有吸取教训，这些教训会一直重现，直到你学会为止。所以当你决定利用历史的重演，从历史的循环周期中学会用不同的方式做事，这就是我们之前提到的钟摆效应——钟摆摆动向两极端。但直到你学会在两个极端的中点处保持平衡，不然同样的教训会再次出现。但同样学习的机会也会再次出现。地球是一个充满循环周期的星球，这就是其中一个循环：你总会有另一次学习的机会。当你学会之后，你就能结束这个循环。
History, as you say repeating itself is simply another way of saying you're always given another chance to change things in a way that you would prefer to. If you haven't learned the lessons the lessons will always come back until you no longer need them. So when you decide to use the repetitions in your history the cycles in your history to actually learn the lessons of how to do things differently, this is what we were talking about before about the pendulum swing to the extremes. Until you learn the lesson to stay balanced in the center the same lessons will always come back. The same opportunities to learn the lessons will always come back. Earth is a planet of cycles and this is one of the cycles. You're always given another opportunity to learn the lesson. When you learn it you end the cycle.

问：谢谢。
Thank you.


