巴夏：2020年，别只想，去行动！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-01-02
本文节选自巴夏2019年11月16日的传讯《Navigating The Splitting Prism》



结合巴夏在2019年12月8日传讯的内容《巴夏：2020年，待在暴风眼！》，希望带给你2020年，平安喜乐自在年！





We have discussed from time to time the difference in the language between your higher mind, which is nonphysical, and your physical mind 

我们曾多次跟你们讨论过：你们非物质形态的高我意识，与你们的物质心智，所使用的“语言”的不同之处



The higher mind be nonphysical has a language of energy, vibration, resonance. 

非物质形态的高我，使用的语言是：能量的振动，能量的共振



Now all things operate on resonance of energy 

当然，万事万物的运作，都是基于能量的共振



But it is from the higher mind purely an energetic transmission 

你的高我，传送出纯粹的能量



And when your body receives this like an antenna. 

你的身体，就像天线一样，当它接收到这股能量时



It translates as we have said this vibrational language from the higher mind as the physical sensation you call passion, excitement, creativity, love, 

它就将来自高我的振动的语言，翻译成身体的感觉，也就是你们所说的：激情、兴奋、充满创造力、爱的感觉



But your response can not only be in energy. 

但是，你的反应，你对高我的反馈，不能仅仅是“能量”



It cannot only be in words, 

也不能仅仅是“言语”



The language of physical reality is physical actions 

在物质世界中，就要使用“实际行动”这门语言！



And therefore this is why it is so crucial to act on your passion 

这也是为什么，在你的激情上付诸行动，是如此地重要！



Not just think about it 

不能只是脑袋想一想；



Not only just meditate on it 

不能只是冥想；



Not only just give off loving energy to everyone. 

不能只是向每个人发送爱的能量



All these things help 

做这些事，确实有帮助



But the physical actions seals the deal, completes the circuit, grounds the effect 

但只有通过实际行动，你才能真正“收尾”（搞定），才算完成（电路）回路，才能“落地生根”



And the physical acts you take that are in alignment with the reality you prefer, 

而且，你的行动，必须与你所喜好的实相相匹配一致



Instead of just wishing or hoping that your reality will shift into more and more of a representation. 

你不能仅仅是盼望、希望、祈愿你的实相，会越来越与你的喜好相吻合



The physical actions you take will actually start to crystallize that reality much much more quickly, much more coherently for you. 

实际上，你所采取的行动，会大大地加快 你所喜好的实相 晶体化的速度，会大大增强你所喜好的实相凝聚力，使其更牢固地聚合在一起



That's how you navigate through all of the splitting prisms 

这就是你在无尽的“分离棱镜”中巡游的方式



Taking yourself by acting on your passion, steering that rutter, be in the vibration of the reality you prefer to experience 

（也就是）通过在自己的激情上付诸行动，转动舵轮，让自己处在 你希望（喜好）经历的实相 的振频上



So you can navigate toward it, more and more every day in every way. 

每天，在每一方面，你都朝着它不断航行



But along with that

但与此同时



It is crucial to really take the physical actions necessary 

非常重要的是，你需要切实地采取必要的行动



To really home in on that reality 

让自己真正的“入住”（融入）那样的实相



To demonstrate by your actions, 

用你的行动，彰显出你的喜好的实相



the reflection that you ultimately will see in that reality. 

这样的话，你最终会在你的实相中，看见你它的投射影像



So for example 

我举个例子



We have sometimes been asked questions such as 

有时候，我们会被问到这样的问题：



If I am in my reality and I see something happening that is what I don't prefer 

如果我在我的实相中，我看见了一些“非我喜好”的事情发生了



Should I help? 

我该去帮忙吗？



Yes! 

是的！



Because it is the action of being of assistance that belongs in the reality you prefer. 

因为提供帮助这种行为，属于你所喜好的实相



That's one of the expressions of the reality that most of you theoretically would prefer

理论上，也是你们中的大部分人所喜好的实相的行为表现方式之一



That when someone gives off a signal that they might require assistance, that you actually take the action of assisting them somehow. 

也就是，当一个人给出一个“需要帮助”的信号时，其他人会通过某种实际行动的方式，来提供帮助



It isn't that again you have to expect a particular outcome from that

并不是说，你期待从帮助的行为中获得某种回报（结果）



But it is the action itself, the offering itself that makes all the difference 

而是说，你的提供帮助的行为本身，改变了一切



And whatever comes to fruition from that will again crystallize and solidify the reality of your preference 

并且，由此而产生的任何结果，都将（进一步）晶体化、固化你所喜好的实相



But the actions are key. 

但是，行动是关键！



We got another question recently about the idea of 

最近，我们被问了另一个问题：



If I'm in my reality, 

如果，我在我的实相中



and I'm walking along and I see a piece of trash

我走在路上，看见地上有个垃圾



Should I pick it up 

我应该把它捡起来，扔到垃圾桶吗？



Yes, if you don't prefer it to be in your reality. 

是的！如果你不希望它出现在你的世界中的话！



You have to demonstrate through your actions what this reality you prefer would actually be like where people would automatically do those kinds of things 

你需要通过你的行动，展示出：在你所喜好的世界中，人们面对这些情况时，自然而然会做的事情



You have to be the first foremost living example of the behaviors that belong in the realities you prefer 

你需要将属于你所喜好的实相中的行为表现，表现出来，你需要成为第一个，也是最重要一个活生生的例子



By being that physical example and demonstrating those behaviors. 

当你成为了现实例子，并展现出这些行为



Others will see that 

那么，其他人就会看到



Others who wish to align with the similar kinds of reality, create those kind of reality for themselves will see that 

其他那些希望调频到相似实相的人，希望为自己创造这种的实相的人，就会看到



And they may realize that those of the kinds of behaviors that are representative of those kinds of reality 

他们可能也会意识到：这些行为，象征着他们所喜好的实相



And you will have given them an opportunity to see through you someone in their preferred reality doing something that represents the kind of reality they prefer. 

并且，你让他们有机会通过你，看到他们所喜好的实相中的某个人，做着某些象征着他们所喜好的实相的事情



So you become a living example to them 

所以，你成了他们活生生的榜样



以下内容，不好翻译，将就着看



And an example and a solidifier and crystallizer to yourself 

而他们也渐渐成为你的榜样，并且固化了、晶体化了你所喜好的实相



by actually undertaking those kinds of actions that are representative of the reality in the way you would also prefer to see others behaving 

因为，他们的行为，也正是你在你所喜好的实相中，会看到的其他人的行为表现



Getting a reflection of that kind of consciousness, of that kind of conscientiousness, of that kind of awareness 

你从他们身上，看到了：你所喜好的实相中的人，才具有的意识、自觉性、责任心和觉知



And the willingness to take action on it to demonstrate what that reality really looks like 

你从他们身上，感受到：那些为彰显自己的喜好的实相，采取行动的愿心



And what the people living in that reality would actually naturally automatically do 

你也从他们身上，看到了：生活在这样实相中的人，自然而然会有的行为



Is this making some sense? 

这么说，你们能明白吗？