巴夏：世界渴望你的“礼物”
原创 你 巴夏Bashar 2017-05-11

Remember this: You are always a part, because you are never apart. You are always a part OF God, because you are never apart FROM God. This is the truth of your being.We are whole.



记住这句话：你永远都是一部分(a part)，因为你永远不可能分离(apart)。你永远都是神的一部分，因为你永远不可能与神分离。而这就是你存在的真相。我们是一个整体。



So now you know the whole truth. 

现在，你知晓完整的真理了。



This truth has been food for the hungry soul. Take, and eat of it. 

这些真理，是那些饥饿的灵魂的食量。拿去（跟他们一起）吃吧！



The world has thirsted for this joy. Take, and drink of it. 

整个世界都渴望着这份喜悦。拿去（跟他们一起）喝吧！






Each and every single one of you,

你们每个人，毫无例外，



without exception are already having all the impact you can possibly ever have in your society,

每时每刻，都已经对你们的社会有着最大的影响



you're already having all the impact you can ever possibly have.

你能有的所有的影响，现在都已经存在



So when you do something, it's not about creating more impact.

所以当你做某事时，不是创造更多的影响。



The ability and the willingness to act on your highest excitement isn't creating more impact.

做你兴奋的事情的能力与意愿，并没有创造更多的影响



It's revealing more of the impact your already having

你只是通过它，释放出你已经拥有的“更多的影响”



Any time you are willing to be your self as best as you possibly can,

任何时刻，你尽自己最大可能地做自己



That is what has the greatest effect on anyone else,

这才是你最世界的最大影响



who may then be attracted to your vibration

人们将被你的振频所吸引



and be willing to see you as an example of

人们将视你为榜样



what they can choose for themselves as well,

因为你的影响，他们开始相信自己也能做到，



in terms of uplifting their frequency.

换句话说，就是你帮助提升他们的振频





So just being yourself, means you have a gift to give.

所以单纯地做你自己，意味着你有一个礼物可以给出。



And if you have a gift to give, there has to be, by definition, someone in your society willing to receive that gift.

如果你有份礼物可给出，那说明在你的世界中，有个人想要那个礼物



Or you wouldn't be excited about giving that gift.

否则你就不会对“分享这份礼物”感到兴奋



Because as we have said many times, there are no one-sided coins.

因为，就像我们多次提到的，没有只有单面的硬币



If you have the head, someone has the tale.

如果你是“人”面，肯定有某人是“花”面（硬币的两面）



There has to be a whole coin or you wouldn't even have the head.

如果你摸到的是“人”面，那说明你手中肯定是完整的硬币



So the willingness to express who you are,

所以，有意愿去表达你最真的自己



the willingness to be yourself as fully as you can be,

有意愿去尽自己最大能力去做完整的自己



is the gift you are giving.

这就是你给世界的礼物



No matter how you choose to express it to the rest of the world,

不论你以何种方式，向这个世界展现“你自己”这份大礼



by being an example of someone who is choosing to be there true self,

比如有些人也想“做自己”，那你这个榜样的力量，



you then give others more opportunity to see that it's possible for them to do so as well.

就会让他们明白，做真实的自己是可能的



And that reveals the true impact that you have just by your very existence.

于是，你存在的本身，就给世界带来最大的影响

