巴夏：真正的“善心善行”
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-11-29



问：

So I have had the opportunity of several of my dreams coming true at the same time synchronistically of working with a teacher, working in my community and working with my friends to help generate actions of kindness 

我非常有幸，同时、同步地实现我的几个梦想，包括和一位老师、一些朋友，以及在我的社区内 发动大家去做一些“善行”



And I would like to hear your thoughts on the spiritual energy of action of kindness 

我想听听你对“善行的灵性能量”的看法



巴夏：

Well again, the idea is compassion. The idea is knowing that you are perfectly fine, that you are self empowered 

真正的“善行”，是 慈悲心（共情），是你知道：你的一切，都是好的，都是完美的！你有足够的能力，能够“自立自强”（自我赋能）



And that the greatest act of kindness is the reflection to others that they also can choose to be self empowered 

而最大的善行，是让自己成为他人的“反射影像”（榜样），让他们知道，他们也可以选择“自立自强、自我赋能”



That they are aspects of the infinite, that they are unconditional love, that they are worthy and deserving of anything that they can imagine 

让他们知道：他们是“无限存在”的一个面向，他们是无条件的爱，他们有存在的价值，并且，值得拥有他们所能想象的一切



Is to reveal to help reveal to them the potentiality and the possibility and the probability of who they truly are as a reflection of All That Is 

帮助他们展示出：他们作为“一切所是”的一个“反射影像”，所拥有的潜力与可能性



This is the ultimate act of kindness 

这就是“终极的善行”



Because you are self empowered enough to know that you will never be threatened by someone being their true self. 

因为你足够强大（赋予自己足够能力），知道：你永远都不可能被一个“做真实的自己的人”威胁到



Thus, then, in that sense you are free to help others

因此，你可以自由地帮助他人



by example also choose to be their true selves 

而由于你这个“榜样”的存在，其他人也可以 选择做真实的自己



And know that all fits and all works together and all is harmonious when each and every individual is utterly and totally validated as that individual. 

于是，你们都知道：每一个独立的个体，以真实的样子存在，是必须且必要的，只有这样，一切才能相互吻合，一切事物才能和谐运作



Then there is true harmony. 

然后，才会有“真正的和谐统一”



问：

Thank you. These actions has seemed to give a lubricating quality to group dynamics. 

谢谢你！我们的这些行为，对“善行”的推动起到一定的润滑的作用



巴夏：

Yes, of course, they will 

是的，当然会有效果



问：

So we've been experiencing how these actions of kindness and a growing group can create this dynamic of harmony. 

所以，我们实实在在体验到这些善行，以及日益壮大的队伍  的的确确能够创造动态的和谐



So thank you for sharing that 

所以，谢谢你的分享！