巴夏：存在的结构
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2018-03-22




在你们今天的这个时间我向你们问好，日安！  I'll say good day to you this day of your time, how are you?

好的，好的，谢谢！  all right, all right, thank you.

首先，我们感谢你们每一个人  first and foremost we thank each and every one of you individually,

此外感谢你们大家一起共同创造了这场互动  and again all of you together collectively for the co-creation of this interaction.

并允许这场传讯在你们这一天发生  and the allowance of this transmission this day of your time.

你们一直在探索意识  you have been exploring the idea of consciousness.

那么让我们进一步学习它  so let us take the idea a little bit further.

意识到底是啥？  what exactly is consciousness?

嗯，它是自我意识，自我反思  well, it is self-awareness, self-reflection.

为了让你知道你就是你  in order for you to know that you are you.

你必须要有别的东西来比较  you have to have something else to compare it to.

如果没有“别的”概念  without a concept of an other

你就不会有“自我”的概念  you would not have a concept of self

因此意识真的就是自我反思、自我意识  therefore consciousness is literally self-reflection self-awareness.

通过认出什么不是自己才能认识自我  the ability to know the self by knowing what is not the self.

就像我们不时描述的那样  the idea is as we have described from time to time.

存在是一个完整的东西  that existence is one unbroken thing.

“存在”有一个面向，或一个形式，或者一个版本， 为了方便起见我们称之为“一”  there is an aspect or a form or a version of existence that we call the one.

这个“一”并不知道自己  for convenience that does not know itself

从这个意义上讲它是完全同质的，只有它没有别的了  it is completely homogeneous in the sense that there is nothing else but it.

因此，对它来说完全没有参照点  therefore there is absolutely no reference point for it.

所以它没有自我感觉，没有经验，没有自我意识，无论什么  therefore it has no sense of self, no experience, no self-awareness, whatsoever.

但“存在”也有个版本知道它自己  but there is also the version of existence that does know itself.

为了方便起见，我们就把这叫做“一切万有”  and that is what we term for convenience all that is.

它实际上是“存在”意识到了自己  it is literally the existence that is aware of itself.

因为它在自身内部创造了一种能量共振的反射模式  because it creates within itself a kind of reflective pattern of resonance of energy.

因此，在其自身内创造了差异性，它自身的反射  and therefore creates otherness within itself a reflection of itself.

所以它可以通过把自身的反射与自己进行比较这样的方法来了解自己  and therefore it can know itself that way by comparing the reflection of itself to itself.

然后变得自我感知  and become self-aware.

这些反射继续不断地、不停地、继续回荡下去  those reflections continue to reverberate on and on and on and on and on.

无限地  infinitely

因此每一种这些反射都是完全存在于一切万有之中  and each and every one of those reflections then is literally all that exists within all that is.

一切万有都是由你们所有人和我们所有人组成的  all that all that is is made of all of you, all of us.

你能想象的一切都是“存在”的一种反射，通过一切万有了解自己  everything you can imagine is a reflection of existence knowing itself through all that is.

所以重要的是意识需要“存在”中有“不同”的概念从而来认识自己  so consciousness very importantly requires the concept of otherness within existence in order to know itself.

生命体验，时间和空间， 以及你所经历过的，正在经历的或将要经历的一切， 都是一切万有用各种可能的方式了解自我的产物  and life experiences and time and space and all that you ever experienced experience now or will experience is the product of all that is knowing itself in all the ways that it can

存在之中的每一个东西， 每一个存有，每一种概念都是神的不同眼睛  every single thing, every single being, every single concept within existence are all the different eyes of God.

如果你想这样说的话  if you want to put it that way.

通过这些视角，它在这些反射中看到自己  through which it sees itself in those reflections.

但因为它实际上是意识本身  but because it is actually consciousness itself.

因为它意识到了自己  because it is conscious of itself.

那么所有的反射也都是由那个意识构成的  then all the reflections are also made of that consciousness.

所有的反射也都是有意识的  all the reflections are conscious too.

比如你们所有人，我们所有人，所有的一切  such as all of you, all of us, everything.

万物也许不像你那样的方式表达自我觉知的意识  now everything may not express the idea of self-aware consciousness in the way that you do.

但万物仍然是一种反映了意识的自我觉知的表达  but everything is still an expression of self-aware reflected consciousness.

即使是一块石头也有一定程度的意识， 意识到它是这块石头而不是那块石头  even a rock has some degree of awareness that it is this rock and not that rock.

但它可以通过像你那样的存有来做到  but it may do that through a being such as yourself.

借助你注意到这里有一块石头，那里有一块石头  by you noticing that there is this rock and this rock.

你包含了你意识的反射， 以这样一种方式石头就能通过你的感知来认知它自己  you are including the idea of your reflection of consciousness in such a way that the rock can know itself through your perception

尽管它也许不像你那样确切地了解自己  even though it may not know itself exactly in the way that you do.

它仍然在某种程度上意识到这石头就是它自己  it is still on some level aware that it is its own rock.

所以一切都是意识，意识无处不在  so consciousness is everything is everywhere.

你可以用很多不同的方式去体验它  and you can experience it in a number of different ways.

如果你对自然有更多的了解，进一步理解一切万有  if you get more aware of nature, more aware of all that is.

更多地意识到不同的平行现实和维度  more aware of different parallel realities and dimensions,

想象力和创造力的各个方面  different aspects of imagination and creativity.

因为不可能有任何你可以想象的，以某种方式不属于一切万有的东西  because there cannot be anything that you can imagine that is not somehow part of all that is.

存在就是这样  existence is what it is

它不在任何方式、形状或形式上受制于任何东西  it is in no way shape or form subject to anything.

因为一切都存在于“存在”之中  because everything exists within existence.

时间和空间受制于“存在”  time and space are subject to existence.

“存在”不受制于时间和空间  existence is not subject to time and space.

存在只有一种性质，它仅仅是“存在”而已  existence just has one quality it just is.

这是它的本质  that's its nature.

因此“不存在”是“存在”无法成为的东西  it is and therefore non-existence is not something that existence can become.

“不存在”有它自己的性质  non-existence has its own quality.

就是不存在  it is that which does not exist.

因此，根据定义，“不存在”是不存在的  therefore by definition non-existence doesn't exist.

因此你所体验的一切本身就是“存在”在某种程度上真实的一部分  therefore everything that you experience is part of existence on some level real unto itself,

一切万有的反射经验着它自己，用各种尽它所能的方式  a reflection of all that is experiencing itself in all the ways that it can.

然后扩展，扩展，不停地扩展  and expanding and expanding and expanding.

以及无限的反射，得以让一切万有扩张认知自己  and infinite reflections to allow for the expansion of all that is knowing itself.

存在的结构从未改变  now the structure of existence never changes.

那是不变的，它是一个不可更改的反射结构  that is fixed, it is a definitive reflective structure.

改变的是，扩展的是对结构各种不同的观点、体验和视角， 而结构从未改变  what changes what expands are all the different viewpoints experiences and perspectives of the structure that never changes.

所以它既变又不变  so it is both changing and unchanging.

这再次表现了存在的悖论， 一个是不知道自己的“一”，一个是知道自己的一切万有  again exhibiting that paradox of that which does not know itself and that which does.

这就是为什么这一切都归结于在你们星球上你听了几千年的古老思想  and this is why it all comes down to that ancient idea you have heard on your planet for thousands of years,

就是为什么说到“认识自己”是那么的重要  as to why it is so important to know thyself.

因为当你越来越多地了解你是谁和你是什么  because the idea is as you know more and more and more of who and what you are.

作为无限的一切万有的一种表达和一种反射  as an expression and a reflection of the infinite of all that is.

你会更多地体验到成为“一切万有”， 作为一切万有的面向，作为一切万有的反射  you'll experience more of being all that is as the aspect as the reflection of all that is.

你们每一个人都是如此  that each and every single one of you is.

这有道理吗？  is this making some sense?

嗯  yes

好吧  alright

所以请记住，这就是为什么我们说你的力量点是矛盾的  so remember that this is why we say that your point of power is in paradox.

介于两者之间，似乎是两个截然相反的对立物： “一”不知道它自己，“一切万有”知道自己  somewhere in between what appear to be two polar opposites that which does not know itself that which does,

在某种意义上是存在本身的真相  is in a sense the truth of existence itself.

因为一切都来自于那个中心点  because everything issues from that center point,

很清楚地表明了， 尽管有时候我们知道你认为存在是二元性的，有正有负  and demonstrates very clearly that even though sometimes we know you think of existence as a duality positive and negative.

事实上它是三位一体的  it is in fact actually a Trinity.

因为中间总是有一个平衡点  because there is always a balance point in the center.

因此处在这个平衡点上  and therefore being in that balance point,

处在这个存在状态  being in that state of being

这个存在的状态总是会让你以最佳的方式了解自己  is always the state of being that will allow you the best possible way to know yourself

最好的方式去接受更多你自己的反射  the best possible way to receive more of the reflection of yourself,

当你越来越拓展你的视野  and as you expand and expand your perspective,

从你独特的角度去拓展你对一切万有的体验  and expand your experience of all that is from your unique point of view.

然后你会越来越多地成为你真正的自己，做你自己  you then become more and more in always who you truly are,

这就是一切万有  which is all that is.

但你此刻决定玩这场游戏，暂时忘记你是谁  but you have decided here and now to play the game for a while of forgetting who you are.

因为你需要忘记你是谁，以便从一个新的角度来忆起你是谁  because you need to forget who you are, in order to remember who you are from a new point of view.

为了获得一种真正新的体验，你必须重新开始  you have to wipe the slate clean in order to have a truly new experience.

因为如果你只存在于一个永恒的状态中，那就没有变化  because if you exist only in a timeless state there is no change,

那就没有成长，那就没有发现  there is no growth, there is no discovery.

所以你玩的是有点像是给自己戴上眼罩的游戏， 来忘记你其实是无限的  so you play the game of imposing on yourself these kinds of blinders to forget that you are in fact infinite,

来忘记你其实是永恒的  to forget that you are in fact eternal,

来忘记你其实是一切万有  to forget that you are in fact all that is,

所以你可以玩不做一切万有的游戏  so you can play the game of not being all that is,

然后探索和发现你自己的新的视角  and explore and discover new perspectives of yourself,

正是这允许一切万有不断成长和发展，直到永远  and that's what allows all that is to grow and expand forever and ever and ever.

它永远不会结束，永远不会  it never ends, never ever ever.

在你们星球上有些概念，例如你们称之为“与神合一”  you have ideas on your planet that you call such things as blending with God.

“哦，那时我与神合一了，我想就是这样的”  well when I blend with God, I guess that's it,

不是的  no,

因为当你与神合一时，你实际上体验到的是你就是神  because as you blend with God what you actually experience is that you are God.

除了你之外，没有别的了  there is nothing but you

这就是你们每个人都能体验到的  and this is what each and every one of you can experience,

因为它本质上是全息的，结构上也是全息的  because it's holographic in nature, it's holographic in structure.

因此仅仅因为你可能突然体验到自己就是一切万有  and therefore just because you might suddenly experience yourself as all that is.

这并不是意味着它一定完结了  doesn't mean it's necessarily finished.

因为你可以从某一个角度作为一切万有来体验自身  because you could experience itself as all that is from one perspective.

也可以从另一个角度作为一切万有来体验自己  experience itself as all that is from another perspective,

不断地，一直继续下去  and on and on and on and on and on and on and on...

这个圈子没有开头  the ring has no beginning,

这个圈子没有尽头  the ring has no end.

“存在”只是存在，它一直、始终、永远都是在同时变化和同时存在的  existence just is and it is always always always becoming and being simultaneously,

这个悖论又出现了  again the paradox shows its head

鉴于此，现在你可能对意识的概念有了一点思考  in light of the idea now that you may have a bit of a reflection of the idea of consciousness,

成为反射，有自我感觉，基于感觉到“有另一个”  being a reflection, being a sense of self, based on the sense that there is another,

这看起来好像不是你，当然它是你  that seems that appears to not be you, of course it is.

尽管似乎不是你  but appears not to be you

你有一种感觉，这是“存在”的一个游戏， 它自娱自乐，来自我醒悟到对它到底是什么的新的理解  you have a sense of that game of existence that it plays with itself to awaken itself to new understandings of exactly what it is.

这看起来有点帮助吗？  does this seem to be somewhat helpful?

好的  alright

用你自己的方法去吸收它  just absorb it in your own way,

不管你怎么理解它都没关系  doesn't matter how you interpret this,

这是你自己的旅程，你自己的道路  it's your own journey, your own path.

你是你独特的反射，你是一切万有你个人的表现形式  you are your own reflection, you are your own representation of all that is.

没有你独特的视角，一切万有就不可能是一切万有  and without your unique perspective, all that is couldn't be all that is.

所以请永远记住，你是合理的，你是有价值的  so always please remember you are valid you are valuable.

因为如果不需要你  because if you weren't needed,

相信我你就不会存在  believe me you wouldn't exist.

因为一切万有不会犯错  because all that is doesn't make mistakes.

因此，你存在的事实足以证明， 一切万有需要你独特的视角，你独特的反射，你独特的体验  so the fact that you exist is validation enough to prove that all that is needs your unique perspective, your unique reflection, your unique experience.

从而真正成为它能够成为的一切  in order for it to actually be all that it can be.

懂了吗？懂了  make sense? make sense.

好吧  all right.

我们知道在你们时空的世界里  we understand that in your world of time and space.

你们的时间有点限制  your time is a little bit limited.

所以，让我们从分享和交流开始，如果你有问题和想讲的话的话  so let us begin with sharing and exchange if you wish with your questions and dialogue.

