巴夏：祈祷的力量
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-07-08 22:54



问：有些老师谈论个体灵魂和超灵，
Some teachers talk about individual souls and oversouls,

但是像亚伯拉罕这样的老师谈到了“意识流”的概念，
But then others like abraham talk about the idea of streams of consciousness.

或者各种体验中都有合一生命能量在流动？
Or this idea of a general oneness of life energy that flows through different experiences?

这是不是有点像粒波二象性，两者都是正确的，并且包含在同一现象中，
Is this something like the particle wave theory duality where both are true and contained within the same phenomena?

你能帮助我们理解这是如何一起运作的吗？
And can you help us understand how this works together?

巴夏：是啊，类似于粒波二象性，
Yes, it is similar to the wave particle duality,

但是你也用不同的方式描述了不同的东西，
But you're also describing a couple of different things in a couple of different ways.

换句话说，个体灵魂和超灵等等，都代表了一切万有、"一"内的某种意识频率，
In other words the idea of individuated souls and over souls and so on and so forth is a representation of a certain frequency of consciousness within all that is within the one,

看起来作为单独的自我觉知的意识在某个层面上表达自己，
That expresses itself apparently as a separate self-aware consciousness on a certain level.,

意识流的概念更多地描述了不同层次的意识如何获取信息或相互交流，
The idea of streams of consciousness is more a description of how different levels of consciousness may access information or communicate with one another,

意识流和个体层次的意识不一定是一回事，
It is not necessarily the same thing as the individuated levels of consciousness to say stream of consciousness.

这更像是一种方法论，而不是对某一特定层次意识的定义，
That's more a methodology than it is a definition of a particular level of consciousness.

问：好，

当人祈祷的时候，
When humans pray,

他们是在向上帝祈祷还是向超灵祈祷？
Are they actually praying to god or to oversouls?

巴夏：有什么区别吗？
What difference does it make?

因为超灵是一切万有的一部分，
Since oversoul is a part of all that is,

这取决于他们的意图和关注点，
It depends upon their intention their focus.

但是记住，
But again remember,

祈祷就是完全活在当下，心怀感恩你的祈祷，
Prayer is simply a matter of being totally present in gratitude for what is,

这不是关于你想要什么，
It's not about what you wish for,

这是关于完全感恩你的祈祷，
It's about being in absolute appreciation for what is.

这样更多需要进来的，与那人格有关的事情会发生，
So that more can happen that needs to come in that is relevant for that particular personality,

所以通常一种祈祷，可以说是一种存在状态，一种心怀感恩和感激的当下祈祷的状态，它会去到它需要去的地方，
So it will often a prayer so to speak a state of being a state of present prayer in gratitude and appreciation simply go to where it needs to go,

取决于哪个层次的意识、一切万有、超灵、个体灵魂、高我等等最相关和最能帮助那些人获得他们需要的信息和经验，
Depending upon what level of consciousness all that is the over soul the individual soul higher mind what have you is most capable and most relevant for helping the individual access the information and experiences that they require,

所以它会自动去它需要去的地方。
So it will go where it needs to go automatically.