巴夏：无他无我
原创 无限宇宙之爱 宇宙翻译官 2024-02-28 23:31


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2024年2月17日



问：我的最后一个问题是，我正在想如何表述这个问题，
My last question is I'm trying to figure out how to phrase this,


我想知道从你的角度看意识是什么。
I would like to understand what your view of Consciousness is from your perspective.


巴夏：意识是对存在自身的觉知，
Consciousness is the awareness of Existence itself,


它是存在的本质，
It is what Existence is,


它意识到它自己，这就是意识，
It is aware of itself and that is consciousness,


一切都是存在的一部分，
And everything is a part of Existence,


一切都是存在的反射，
Everything is a reflection of Existence,


这种反射产生了自我意识，而自我意识就是意识，
And that reflection creates self-awareness and self-awareness is consciousness,


它是一种反射。
It is a reflection.


让我这么跟你说吧，
Let me put it to you this way,


有一个概念叫做“一”，
There is the concept called "The One",


它是完整的，它是同质的，它没有分离，它没有意识到自己，
It is unbroken, it is homogeneous, it has no separation, it is unaware of itself,


因为除了它什么都没有。
Because there is nothing else but it,


所以可以说，在“一”里面创造了一种能量模式，
So in the One is created a pattern of energy, so to speak,


一种反射模式，它创造出除了“一”之外另一种东西的样子，
A reflective pattern that creates the appearance of something other than the One,


一旦你有了这个想法这个另一种东西的出现，
As soon as you have this idea, this appearance of something other than,


然后你就会自动产生除了你的体验之外的对自我的意识，
Then you automatically have the creation of awareness of self other than what it is you are experiencing,


所以正是“他者”这个概念产生了与他者不同的自我意识。
So it is the very concept of other than this that creates self-awareness as different from the other,


一旦它存在于模式中，
And as soon as that exists within a pattern,


你就有了意识，
You have consciousness,


因为所有的意识都是自我意识，
Because all consciousness is is self-awareness,


但它需要对他者的反射，你认为不一定是自我的反射，这产生了与之不同的自我的强化，
But it requires that reflection of otherness that which you deem not necessarily to be the self that creates the reinforcement of the self as different from it,


你明白了吗？
Is this making some sense to you?


我们知道这是一个有趣的概念，不一定能完全翻译成你们人类的语言，
We understand that this is an interesting concept that doesn't necessarily completely translate into your human language,


但这是我们能做的最接近的解释了。
But that's about the closest approximation we can make.

