巴夏：后果并不意味着惩罚
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-02-10 22:40



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年1月28日




问：所以如果人们在这里经历消极的体验，

And so when people go through negative experiences here,



然后他们进行人生回顾。

And then they go through life review.



巴夏：恩。

Yes.



问：你能解释一下这一切是如何联系在一起的吗？

Can you explain how that all ties together?



这并不是一个无法无天的现实，你所做的任何事情都不会有任何后果，

So that it's not like this is a lawless reality where anything goes and you never have any consequences to anything you do,



但与此同时，人生回顾不是一个评判的过程。

But at the same time, Life review is not a judgmental process.



图片



巴夏：不，这是个学习的过程，

No, it's a learning process,



但你会体验到你选择去做的每件事的结果和后果，从而从中学习，

But you will experience the results and the consequences of everything that you chose to do to learn from it,



所以总会有后果，

So there are always consequences,



在物理现实中可能看起来并非如此，

It may not seem so in physical reality,



但在灵界总是有后果的，但后果并不意味着惩罚，

But in spirit there are always consequences, but consequences don't mean punishment,



后果意味着你必须以各种方式，在不同的层面上面对你选择做的事情的结果，并从中学习。

Consequences means you have to face what the result is in a variety of ways on a variety of levels of what you chose to do, and learn from it.



这是一个学习的机会，是一个成长的机会，

It's an opportunity to learn, it's an opportunity to grow,



这是一个选择的机会，从那里开始你要去哪里，从那里开始你要体验什么。

It's an opportunity to choose where you're going to go from there and what you're going to experience from there.



图片
译注：业力也是如此，业力也并非是惩罚，而是一种天然的学习机制，所以能通过宽恕去化解它，终结业力之轮。

图片


问：基本上你所做的帮助我们的其中一件事就是与我们分享这一切是如何运作的信息，

And basically one of the things that you've done to help us is to share with us the information on how all of this works,



这样我们就可以做出选择，在地球上体验到我们自己版本的天堂。

So that we can make choices and experience our own version of Heaven on Earth.



巴夏：是的，不要误解我们，

Yes, and don't misunderstand us,



我们说没关系，以后会有后果的，不是说容忍负面的行为，

We are not condoning negative acts by saying it's all right there will be consequences later,



然而要学习到这种行为并不与无条件的爱的存在方式一致，而无条件的爱是存在本身的根本。

The idea is still to learn that that's not necessarily in alignment with the idea of unconditional love in the way that it exists at the basis of existence itself.



图片



记住，这里有一股流动，

Remember there is a flow to this,



你要么逆流而上，要么随波逐流，

So you can either swim upstream, or you can go with the flow,



在体验许多负面的事情的过程中，

In experiencing many negative things,



人们可以学习，也可以通过他们自己行为的后果导致他人的某些经历，

People can learn and having caused the consequences of their actions to cause certain experiences in others,



人们可以学习，灵魂可以学习，他们不一定想要与存在背道而驰，

People can learn, Spirits can learn that they don't necessarily want to go against the grain of existence,



而是顺其自然。

But to go with the flow.



所以总能从中吸取教训，

So there's always a lesson to be learned,



我们不是在纵容负面行为，

We are not condoning the idea of negative activity,



但无论如何，灵魂都可以从中学习，

But nevertheless Spirits can learn from it,



即使他们确实选择了走那条路。

Even if they did choose to go that way that path.