巴夏：出体和清明梦的区别？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-04 21:12



问：你好，老巴，我是以色列的达米，
Hi Bashar, it's Dami from Israel.

我想问你关于出体的体验。
I wanted to ask you about out-of-body experience,

首先，我们真的离开了我们的身体吗？
First of all do we really leave our body?

第二个问题是，为什么有时候在出体的体验中，东西的位置会不一样，
Second question is why sometimes things located differently in out-of-body experience,

比如，如果我们在家里，家具有时会放在不同的位置，
Like if we're in our house furniture sometimes can be located differently,

为什么会这样发生？
Why does it happen?

最后一个问题是出体和清明梦之间的区别是什么？
And the last question what's the difference between out-of-body experience and lucid dreaming?

谢谢，爱你！
Yhank you, I love you!


巴夏：可以说，清明梦会让你仍然与身体，与物质界相连接，
A lucid dream may allow you to still be sort of connected to the body the physical realm,

但你意识到这个事实：你能够超越物质领域，从一个稍微更高的角度观察事物。
But you are conscious of the fact that you are able to extend beyond the physical realm and observe things from a slightly higher point of view.

出体、星光体旅行是在此之上的下一个阶段，在那里你能够真正将你意识的焦点在很大程度上脱离物质实相，
Out of body astral travel is the next stage above that where you're truly able to focus your consciousness away from the physical reality to a greater degree,

你看事物会不一样。
And you see things differently.

因为现在你在非物质实相中看到的模板可能与物理现实中发生的事情有直接的关系，
Because now you're looking at the template in non-physical reality that may be responsible for what's going on in physical reality,

但事情的安排可能会非常不同。
But the arrangements of things may be very different.

因为它可能只是一个可能的现实，你可以选择体验的所有可能的现实之一，就你在物质世界中最终的事物安排而言。
Because it might only be one probable reality that is representative of all the probable realities you could have chosen to experience in terms of your final arrangement of things in the physical world.

图片
译注：所有可能的现实存在于一个叫做“架构二”的超越时空的实相里。

图片

在肉体死亡的前提下，
Upon the idea of actual physical death,

当然你比这走得更远，
Of course you go even farther than that,

可以从更高的角度看问题，包括各种可能性。
And can see things from a much higher perspective that includes all sorts of probabilities.

但是，你不是通过眼睛，而是通过意识来看的，
But the idea is that you're seeing not through eyes but through consciousness,

你出体的时候，在某种意义上，是的，你离开了你的身体。
When you are in the out of body thing and in a sense yes you leave your body.

但是从机制上讲，实际上发生的事情是你只是将你的焦点扩展到了物质领域之外，
But mechanically what's actually happening is you're simply expanding your focus beyond the physical realm,

因为并不是你的灵魂离开了身体，
Because it's not that your spirit leaves the body,

只是它扩展了它的焦点，超越了你强加给你意识的物理限制，
It's that it expands its focus beyond the physical limitations you've imposed upon your consciousness,

为了体验你们所说的物理现实而加的限制。
In order to experience physical reality what you call physical reality.

因为物质身体是在你的灵魂里，
Because the physical body is in your spirit,

不是你的灵魂在你的物质身体里，
It's not that your spirit is actually in your physical body,

即使从线性的角度来看，那只是你看待它的方式。
Even though from a linear perspective that's the way you view it.