巴夏：清明梦是什么？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-11-14 23:19


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：忘了


问：你好，巴夏！ 
Hello, Bashar.


巴夏：你也日安！
And to you good day!


问：我还是对你的传讯不熟悉，所以... 
I'm still fairly new to your transmissions, so...


巴夏：喔，没关系的，
Oh, that's alright.


显然我们也对你不熟悉。
We are obviously then fairly new to yours.


问：我的第一个问题就是什么是清明梦？
My first question is what is lucid dreaming?


巴夏：清明梦是意识到你并没有被真正地禁锢在物理现实中，
Lucid dreaming is an awareness that you are not really locked in a physical reality,


通常来说，它是一种在梦境中的觉醒，
It is an awakening in a dream state typically speaking,

这会让你知道你实际上是超越物质的存在，
that allows you to know you are actually beyond the physical,


它表示你已经在灵性层面觉醒了，并认识到你做的梦只是你自身的创造产物.
that you have awoken on the spirit level and recognize that the dream you are having is just a creation of yours.



一旦你在梦中清醒，
And once you are lucid in the dream,


你可以连接到我们称之为的蓝图层面，物理现实是根据蓝图层面创造的，物理现实是从蓝图层面投射而来的，
You can connect to what we call the blueprint level from which physical reality is created from which it is projected,


并且实际上在物质层的梦也会变得更加的清醒。
And actually become more lucid in the physical dream as well.


所以这是一个非常强大的认知状态，一个在物理现实之上的意识水平的视角，
So it's a very powerful state of recognizing a perspective from the level of consciousness above physical reality,



事实上在那个层面你会变得清醒，而不是仅仅停留在所谓的平常的梦里。
where you actually become awake on that level, rather than remaining in what you call a typical dream.


明白了吗？
Does that make sense?


问：是的，有道理。
Yes, it does.


巴夏：好的。
All right.


所以从自幼开始，这整个时期我都一直做着清明梦，我现在30岁了。
So from a young child, I've been lucid dreaming this entire time, I'm 30 years old right now.


巴夏：好吧
All right.


当你在梦中醒来时，你会做什么？
What you do when you wake up in the dream?


问：事实上我训练自己去做不同的事情，开发不同的能力，不同的体验，和游历不同的维度星球，这些是我所看到的。
I'm I've actually trained myself to do different things, different abilities, different experiences, traveling to different dimensions planets what I've seen.



巴夏：多么令人兴奋啊！
How exciting!


问：他们看起来像地球本地的原住民，但不是...
What looked like native native people to earth, but not...


巴夏：恩，有一些，但不是所有，有些地球上的原住民的确来自别的地方。
Well, some not all some of the native people on earth actually did come from elsewhere.



问：有道理。
Makes sense.


巴夏：特别是你们所称为的玛雅人。
Especially what you call the "Maya".



问：恩，
Yeah,



所以在最近过去的两年里，有一些新的体验出现了，当我醒来后，我分不清这个物理现实与梦境之间的区别。
So recently, within the past two years, some new experiences have come to light where I wake up, and I can't tell the difference between this reality and the dream state.


巴夏：这就是我说的，
That's exactly what I'm talking about,


这就是现在我们的文明如何运作的方式。
That is how our civilization now functions.


我们不再睡觉了，因为我们明白物理现实是一个梦，
We don't sleep anymore, because we understand that the physical reality is a dream,


和你们通常叫做的梦差不多一样。
Every bit as much as the idea of what you typically call a dream.


因此，我们现在不只在物理现实中清醒了，
And therefore we are now not only lucid in the idea of physical reality,


所以我们没有断开连接或者引起一个在物质和非物质之间的脱节，
Therefore we don't break a connection or create the idea of a disconnection between the physical and the non-physical,


它们对我们都是同一种意识的投射。
It's all the same kind of consciousness projection to us.


因此我们一直醒着，又一直做梦着，
And therefore we are always awake and always dreaming,


这就是我们不再睡觉的原因。
That's why we no longer sleep.


所以你在开始体验到这种交融，在我们的文明中很久以前就已经验过的交融，
So you are beginning to experience that blending that we have experienced long ago in our culture,


你正在进化到这一点：你意识到你一直连接着源头，
You are evolving to the point where you recognize that you're always connected to source,


你一直连接着灵界，
You're always connected to spirit,


因此你真的不必再进入无意识中才让那个连接发生，
And therefore you don't really have to go unconscious anymore to make that connection happen,


你可以完全清醒的，并意识到这份连接是永远存在于那里的，
You can be wide awake and realize that the connection is always there,


而且物理现实也可以跟任何你们所说的平常梦一样那般的灵活，那般的可塑性。
And that physical reality can be just as flexible just as malleable as anything you would call a typical dream.


对吗？


问：是的。


巴夏：所以，你玩得愉快吗？
And so are you having fun?


问：我玩得很开心好的。
I am having fun.


巴夏：好的。
All right.


End