巴夏：记住你的梦
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-12-03 22:10


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：未知




问：大约在前三个星期天，你谈到了它们的区别——或者说梦、想象和现实世界都是联系在一起的，或者说它们都是同一件事。
Q:  About three of these Sundays ago, you were talking about the difference -- or dreaming, imagination and the physical world all being tied in, or all being the same thing.

巴夏：是的。
B:  Yes. 

问：有时候人们不做梦，是因为他们活在自己的梦想中。
Q:  And that sometimes people don't dream because they're living their dream.

巴夏：好吧。
B:  All right.

问：好的。我经历的其中一件事就是不能做梦，却又想做梦。或者没有那种感觉。有没有什么方法或步骤可以用来帮助我记住梦？
Q:  Okay. Now, one of the experiences that I've been having is not being able to dream, and wanting to dream. Or not having that sensation or feeling. Is there anything on that plane as far as technique or drill or something that one can utilize to get more into that?

巴夏：好的。首先，请允许我再次强调：要明白杰出的创造力，多样性和（在这意义上）知晓，可以来自一个非常简单的想法，你们称之为想象力。意识到想象力是多么的多才多艺，它会向你自己揭示你是多么的多维的存在。你要明白，你可以再次运用你以前认为的幻想，在你的想象中为自己建立一种故事或小说，这将使你对你想要的“记住你的梦”感觉正确。
B:  All right. Now first of all allow me to stress once again: understand the great, I'll say, diversity and in that sense knowingness, that can come from that very simple idea you call imagination. Realize how versatile it is, how multi-dimensional it will reveal you to be to yourself. Understand that you can again exercise what you have previously considered to be fantasy, and form for yourself a sort of story or fiction in your imagination, that will allow you to feel right about the idea of approaching what you wish.




换句话说，如果你坐下来，假设你希望，正如你所说的，记住你的梦，那么你可以用你的想象力来想象这对你来说是如何可能的。允许你自己与这你感觉正确的感觉产生共鸣。允许你自己给自己讲一个故事，这个故事感觉就像你开始进入梦中。你可能会发现你可以坐在床的这一边，你可能会和你的梦的意识交谈。你可能会说：“梦的意识，我最近在意识层面上没有和你联系。你认为这是为什么呢？我有什么要从你那里了解的吗？你认为我有必要记住你的梦吗？”
In other words, if you sit down and assume that you wish, as you say, to remember your dreams, then you may use your imagination to imagine how that would be possible for you. Allow yourself to resonate with the feeling that is correct for you. Allow yourself to tell yourself the story that feels like your story of getting to that idea. You may find that you could sit down on this side of your bed, you may talk to your dream consciousness. You may say, “Dream consciousness, I have not been in touch with you lately on a conscious level. Now, why do you suppose that might be? Do I have something to find out from you? Do you think it is necessary for me to remember your dream?”

现在，你可能会在想象中得到答案。允许自己去探索。但你要明白，对话的内容并不重要，重要的是你愿意去探索，在探索的过程中，如果有批判，就把自己从批判中释放出来。然后允许你自己，我会说，进入那种振动状态，在那里你会记得那个梦。你明白我的意思吗？
Now, you may get an answer in your imagination. Allow yourself to explore; but understand it will not really matter exactly the conversation that takes place, only that you are willing to do the exploring, and in so doing, releasing yourself, if there is judgment, from that judgment. And allow yourself then, I'll say, to be in that state of vibration where you will remember the dream. Do you follow me?

问：明白。
Q:  Yes. 



巴夏：允许自己去玩。玩，玩，玩！要意识到，用你的话说，不记得梦的另一个原因是太紧张，你专注在你的物理现实上，因为你认为它比梦的现实更真实，比游戏更真实。“没时间玩了。没有时间享受生活。我很忙，忙，忙。忙到没时间玩！”你听懂了吗？
B:  Allow yourself to play. Play, play, play! Realize that one of the other reasons for, in your terms, not remembering the dreams will be simply the idea of tension, of focus upon your physical reality as being more real than dream reality, more real than. “No time to play. No time to enjoy life. I'm busy, busy, busy. Too busy to play!” You follow me?
	
问：明白，明白。
Q:  Yes. Yes.

巴夏：谢谢！
B:  Thank you. 


图片
End