巴夏：用塔罗解读梦
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-12-31 23:38



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年11月18日




问：好的，你能教我们一下如何理解我们的梦，以及梦的表达方式，

Okay, and can you give us a little guidance on making sense of our dreams and the way this is expressed is?



即使它们看起来完全随机，很容易被忽视，我们如何才能更理解它们？

How can we make more sense of them? even when they seem completely random and easy to discount.



巴夏：记住，梦有不同的类型，

Well, again, remember there are different kinds of dreams,



有时如果你有出体的经历，

Sometimes if you're having an experience out of body,



你的物质头脑会使用任何对它有意义的符号来代表或象征你的经历。

Your physical mind will use whatever symbols make sense to it to represent or symbolize the experience you had.



但不一定总是有足够的符号或足够有代表性的符号来完全理解在现实的不同层面上发生的事情，

But there may not necessarily always be enough symbols or enough representative symbols to make complete sense out of what was going on on a different level of reality,



所以有时梦具有很强的象征意义。

So sometimes the dream can be highly symbolic.



图片



如果你能理解这些符号，以及你是如何与这些符号联系起来的。

And if you have an understanding of the symbols and how you relate to those symbols,



有时甚至明白你是梦中的一切，这些符号对你来说意味着你自己的不同面向被反射回你身上，

Sometimes even understanding that you are everything in the dream and what those symbols mean to you as different aspects of yourself being reflected back to you,



以及它们对你的意识的不同组成部分的象征意义，

And what they symbolize to you about different components of your consciousness,



图片



然后你就会更清楚地了解这个“梦”对你来说意味着什么。

Then you will have a clearer understanding of what the dream quote unquote means to you.



问：有人会记录梦境，我想这会有所帮助的，他们开始记录在梦中反复出现的不同符号。

So I guess that can help, when people do like dream journals, and they start keeping track of the different symbols that repeatedly show up in their dreams.



巴夏：是的，即使它们没有重复出现，

Yes, even if they don't repeatedly show up,



你仍然可以通过冥想这个符号对你来说代表什么而与它建立联系。

You can still have a relationship to a symbol by meditating on what the symbol represents to you.



问：当你早上醒来在你完全脱离梦境状态之前，这点尤其明显。

And that can be especially true, when you wake up in the morning before you fully come out of the dream state.



巴夏：是的，如果你醒后再和梦待一会，而不是马上从床上起来，就很容易记住梦，

Yes, it is easy to remember the dream, if you stay with it and not just jump out of bed,



图片



另一种看待它的方式是，如果你精通任何其它的占卜系统，比如塔罗牌之类的，

Another way to look at it is if you have any proficiency with any other divination system like tarot cards or such,



你可以开始用对待塔罗牌或其它占卜系统上的符号的方式来对待梦里的符号。

You can start treating the dream symbols in the same way that you would treat the symbols on a tarot card or any other divination system.



问：这听起来很有趣。

That sounds interesting.


元旦快乐
HAPPY NEW YEAR
