原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月24日 06:00 辽宁

 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
             传讯时间：2022年8月27日
问：你好巴夏，见到你很兴奋。
Hello, Bashar. So excited to see you. 
巴夏：我们也很兴奋与你互动。
We are excited to interact with you as well.
问：是的，我有几个问题。首先，我想知道我与群星有什么连接？比如，他们是谁？你能告诉我吗？
Yeah, I have a few questions.First of all, I want to know what are my stars' connections? Like, who are they? Can you tell me?

巴夏：你们星球上的大多数人都会与天狼星能量、大jiao星能量、七姐妹星能量、猎户座能量和其他一些星系有外星连接。这对你们所有人来说都很有代表性，因为此时地球上正在上演来自不同恒星系统的许多不同故事。

Most people on your planet will have extraterrestrial connections with Sirius energy, Arcturus energy, Pleiadian energy, Orion energy, and a few other things.This is quite typical for all of you because there are many different stories from different star systems being played out on Earth at this time.

因此，你们中的许多人都会有这种联系，以帮助探索的主题，并讲述这些故事，这样你们就可以准确地决定如何推进它们。并带来你们可能更喜欢的结局。当然，你们中的大多数人也与灰人有连接，等等，螳螂人存有，所谓的高白人或北欧外星人，以及我们目前不允许谈论的许多其他存有。但你们大多数人都有我们所说的连接。

And therefore, many of you will have these kinds of connections in order to help the themes of exploration and play out these stories so that you can decide exactly how to move forward with them.And bring them to a conclusion you may prefer. Of course, most of you also have connections to the gray beings, so on and so forth, and the mantis beings, and what are called the tall whites or Nordics, and many other beings we are not really allowed to discuss at this time.But most of you have the connections that we have said. 

问：好的，太棒了。好的，我的第二个问题是，近几年来，我有几次梦到过一些巨大的白鲸。

Okay, great. Okay, my second question is, in recent years, there are a few times that I had a vision and dreams about some humongous giant white whale.

巴夏：巨大白色的什么？

Giant white what? 

问：鲸鱼。他们是非常大的动物。在那个梦里，我和他们说话。那个梦很生动，所以当他们说话的时候，我有点。。。我能感觉到他们的振动，在那个梦里，我自己也是某种变形动物，所以我想知道，他们是谁？

Whale. They're extremely large creature. In that dream, I was talking to them.That dream is pretty vivid, so I kind of can, while they're talking, I kind of...Can feel the vibration from them, and I also, in that dream, I was some type of shape-shifting creature myself, so I was wondering, like, who are they?

图片

巴夏：你正在通过你的天狼星连接与一个超灵沟通。对你来说，变形方面只是一个迹象，表明你正在通过不同的平行现实不断地转变为不同版本的自己。

You are communicating through your sirius connection to an oversoul. The shape-shifting aspect for you is simply an indication that you are constantly shifting to different versions of yourself through different parallel realities.

在那种状态下，在你所处的灵魂状态下，灵魂状态，非物质现实，你可以呈现任何外形。在与超灵沟通时，你开始认同一个更大视角的共鸣。

And in that state, in the spirit that you were in, the state of spirit, non-physical reality, you can take on any shape.And in communicating with the oversoul, you were sort of starting to identify with that resonance of a larger point of view.

问：哇哦！听起来很兴奋。非常感谢。我的第三个问题也是我在2016年底的经历之一。有一天，我自己在做冥想。我开始看到一个深棕色的能量圈在我面前旋转，我开始听到声音。听起来像是很多很多人一起吟唱。但我不懂这些语言。

Wow. That sounds so exciting.Thank you. My third question is also one of my experiences, I think, in the end of 2016.One day, I was doing a meditation myself. I started to see a dark brown energy circle spinning in front of me, and I started to hear voices.It sounds like many, many, many individuals chanting together.But I don't understand those languages.

巴夏：好的。这个想法是，有时当你可以进入某些冥想、沉思状态时，尤其是现在你正在探索意识的扩展。你可以让自己连接到不同平行现实之间的门户，或者我们可以说，不同文化、不同语言中的不同平行版本的你，让自己利用这个集体来放大和扩大你进入这种改变状态的能力。

All right. The idea is sometimes when you can get into certain meditations, meditative states, especially now that you're exploring an expansion of consciousness.You may allow yourself to connect into portals between different parallel realities or different parallel, shall we say, versions of you in different cultures, different languages, to allow yourself to tap into that collective to amplify and magnify your ability to also get into that altered state.

所以你是作为一个群体而不是仅仅作为一个团体来做这件事的。就像一个人。依靠平行现实中的其他人，经历同样的体验，并利用这种能量，使你和他们每个人都能更容易地在自己的现实中作为个人做到这一点。

So you're doing it kind of as a group instead of just as a group. Just as an individual. Relying on others in parallel realities, going through the same experience and tapping into that energy to make it easier for you and each of them to do it in their own realities as individuals.

问：哇哦，这太有趣了。所以从根本上说，我只是在和自己交流。

Wow. That's so interesting. So basically, I'm just communicating with myself. 

巴夏：不，不是你自己。这是其他版本。他们不是你，但他们是在平行现实中可能相似的其他版本。是的，你在更高的层次上是，因为一切都是一件事。但你是作为个人在说话。

No, it's not yourself.It's other versions. They're not you, but they are other versions that might be similar in parallel realities.Yes, you on a higher level, because everything is one thing. But you were talking as an individual person.

所以如果你在谈论更高层次的想法，是的，你可以说你在与自己交流，因为一切都是一件事的表达。但你是作为一个物质个体来说话的，所以我们以这样的方式表达它。


问：是的，明白了，明白了。