巴夏：噩梦
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee
2025.7.21


问：

说到梦境，如果不是噩梦的话，而是在互动的时候，感受到负面事物。我来举个例子。  

And in terms of the dreams that are what we could say, not nightmares  but when we are interacting  and we perceive something that is negative  sometimes I'll give you an example.  



我伴侣有时半夜会叫醒我，因为我会开始说话，听起来有点害怕。我通常记得自己好像在和一个生物搏斗...

My partner wakes me up sometimes in the middle of the night because I start talking and seem a little afraid. And I usually remember that I'm sort of fighting with a being 

or sort of



巴夏：

好吧。嗯，再说，这可能有好几个原因。第一，你可能正在消化某些想法，代表恐惧信念，你潜意识中根深蒂固的，并在梦境中将它们释放出来，这总比在现实中亲身经历要好，对吧？  

 All right.  Well, again, it can be for several reasons.  Number one, you may be processing certain kinds of ideas  that are representative of fear-based beliefs  that you're holding on to in your unconscious mind  and bringing them out in the dream state, in a sense  is safer than living through them in physical reality, yes?  



问：好的。  

Okay.  



巴夏：所以说，噩梦有时只是你处理问题的一种方式，这样你就不必在现实中体验这些了。  

So sometimes nightmares are simply you processing things that you don't necessarily then have to experience in physical terms.  



问：

没错，没那个必要。比如我们认为自己正在与负面存在互动等等。  

Yeah, it's not that necessary.  

Like we believe that we are interacting negative beings or et cetera.  



巴夏：

事情不一定非要这样。不一定非得如此。也许你只是在探索某种负面事物。记住，你只是在星体状态中探索，从某种意义上说，你不会真的遇到什么危险，除非你允许它发生。而且，你的物质界心智会解读为你在与负面能量互动，或者负面现实、负面实体，以它能理解的方式，醒来时，会让人一下子进入生存模式。但这是从肉体层面解读，在星体层面未必如此。  

It doesn't have to be that way.  It doesn't have to be that way.  It might be you exploring something that might be considered negative.  But again, remember that you're just exploring in an astral state  and nothing can really happen to you in that sense  that you don't allow to happen.  But again, the physical mind will interpret even an interaction in what you might call a negative energy  

or a negative reality  or a negative being as in a way that makes sense to it  when you wake up and therefore can kick you into the idea of survival mode.  But that's the physical interpretation of something that wasn't necessarily experienced that way on the astral level.  



问：

就在昨晚，这种事以前也发生过，我梦见自己好像从阳台上掉下去，或者从什么地方坠落，然后，我也不确定，好像是在一栋楼里，感觉自己要掉下去，感觉自己正在往下坠。这是...？  

Just last night, and this has happened to me before  I have dreams that I'm sort of falling from a balcony  or falling from a place  and there's a I don't know, in a building  and I might fall and I feel like I'm falling.  So is that?  



巴夏：

嗯，这也许可以解释成你回到了自己身体里。  

Well, that just could be an interpretation of you  going back into your body.  



问：

哦，好的。  

Oh, okay.  



巴夏：

因为对你来说，这种感觉就像是从更高的维度迅速下降到更低的维度，你的身体会再次将其理解为坠落，用它能理解的符号，比如重力，或者从楼上坠落，等等。也可能是其他原因，但也有可能仅此而已。  

Because to you, the interpretation feels like going from a higher level  quickly to a lower level  which can be interpreted again  

by your physical personality as if you're falling  using the symbols it understands like gravity  and falling off a building  and so on and so forth.  It can be other things  but I'm saying it could also just be that.  



问：飞行的反面是...很多人都曾在梦里飞翔，并记得那种感觉。  

And the opposite of flying  that many of us fly sometimes and remember flying.  



巴夏：没错，因为灵魂不受重力等物理条件的束缚。因此，你的大脑会将其解读为飞行。  

Yes, because again, the spirit is unlimited by physical terms likegravity.  Therefore, your physical mind will interpret that as flying.  



问2：

好的。下一个问题。我知道，这些年我一直在关注你们的节目。当我们入睡时，我意识到，我们在灵的层面会醒来。我想知道你的看法，当我们沉睡时，就是我们常说的噩梦体验。  

Okay.  Another one.  I know because  

I've been watching lots of your transmissions from all over the years.  When we go to sleep  I'm aware that we wake up in spirit.  

I want to know what your take is  when we're asleep and in our form  what we're experiencing when we have what we call nightmares here.  



巴夏：

通常，原因有很多。通常，你是在清理头脑（物质界心智）中消极的信念和恐惧的信念，为了让你在更安全的意识层面察觉到，你持有这些信念，这样，当你醒来，回到现实中，你就能探索它们，明白它们象征的意义，以及它们对你的意义，它给你一个线索，让你去探索自己的内心，关于你潜意识里还存在的恐惧或负面想法。  

Generally, although there can be many reasons  generally what you are doing is processing the negative beliefs  and fear-based beliefs within your physical mind  to make yourself aware, in a sense on a safer level  that you have these beliefs so that  when you wake up in physical reality  you can explore them and understand what they symbolize  what they mean to you  and it gives you a clue as to what it is to investigate within yourself  about any fear-based or negative beliefs You may still be unconsciouslyholding on to.  



问2：好的，知道了。所以我们不是在目睹负面时间线什么的吧？  

Okay, cool.  So we're not witnessing some negative timelines or anything?  



巴夏：哦，有可能哦。有可能。这要看是什么梦了。但一般来说，即使那样的话，这种噩梦仍然在显示你和那些事物进行连接，所以，这样你们就能自行决定如何利用它们，使其发挥价值，从中学习，让其发挥价值，或者现在就处理它们，让它们对你们有价值。  

Oh, you may be.  You may be.  It depends upon the dream.  But again, for the most part  even if that's the case  it's still showingyou a connection you may be creating to those things so  that you can decide for yourselves whether to use them in a valuable way  learn from them in a valuable way  or process them in a way that is valuable to you here and now.  



问2：

好的，知道了。你们或者你们的文明，在释放潜意识信念方面，有什么指导吗？在释放潜意识信念方面，有什么指导吗？  

Okay, cool.  Is there any guidance that you  and your civilization may have  when it comes to releasing those, I guess, subconscious beliefs, I guess?  



巴夏：是的，我们说过很多次。我们教过你们一个技巧，那就是提问‘相信这个对我的意义是什么？’‘我为何要相信这是真的？’或者说，这种情况于我又意味着什么？保持深入挖掘，探究真相的意愿，是否紧抓着毫无益处之物不放，愿意倾听内心的答案，并反问自己，如果我能按自己喜欢的方式前进，我害怕会发生什么？这通常会揭示你消极或恐惧的信念，然后你就可以着手解决这些问题。  

Well, as we have said, yes, many  many times we've given you the techniques of asking yourself the question  what does this mean to me?  Why would I choose to believe this is true for myself  or about myself in this circumstance or situation?  Just dig downdeeply and be willing to investigate  whether you're holding on to something that doesn't serve you  and be willing to hear the answers and ask yourself  if I did move forward in the way that I prefer to  what am I afraid might happen?  That will usually reveal the negative belief or fear-based belief to you  that you can then work with.  



问2：很好。谢谢。  

Perfect.  

Thank you.  



巴夏：不客气。  

You're welcome.  



问2：这个问题可能有点怪。我一直在想这个问题。  

This one's probably going to be a little bit odd.  

I've been pondering it for a while.  



巴夏：哇哦。  

Oh, wow.  



问2：作为人类，当我们思考你们的文明时，和其他物种时，总的来说，你们会有这种感觉或者看到这些吗？这算是公开接触的开端吗？  

As the human species  when we're thinking about, obviously, your civilization,  other species as a whole,  just in general, do you guys do you feel that or see that?  Is that kind of like one of the start of the window of open contact?  



巴夏：有可能。但说到底，还是那句话，因为每个人都不同。如果有人需要意识到，他们就会意识到。没必要的话，就不会。但它仍然能让你体验到连接。  

It can be.  But again, again and again  as every individual is different  If there is a need for someone to be aware of it  they will be aware of it.  If there isn't, they won't.  But it will still serve the purpose of  allowing you to experience a connection.  



问2：好，不错。我和一个很铁的朋友一起，经历了一些事。我们每天都会有些时候，在我们右侧视线随机出现，即使我们醒着的时候，我们会看到模糊的景象，而且能看到类似白色或蓝色能量的东西。看起来有点像热浪从热表面散发出的那种光晕。  

Yeah, cool.  I've been having a couple of experiences alongside one  of my really close friends.  There's moments throughout our day  where randomly on our right side of our eyesight  even though We're awake.  We kind of get this blurred vision  and we can see what I would describe as like white or blue energy.  It kind of looks like  when you see heat coming off a hot surface, like that aura.  



巴夏：首先要知道，你一直被各种能量维度包围着。一般情况下你可能注意不到。不过，当你开始探索和扩展意识时，你也会改变感官的敏感性。因此，你的感官开始能感知到事物，通常最先是从眼角余光里发现。所以在你适应之前，不会感到太震惊，然后你就能看清它了。但这很常见，当你扩展意识时，就能看见以前看不见的事物，让你能看见它，并适应这个概念，你周围发生的事情比你以为的更多。  

First of all, realize you're surrounded by different dimensions of energy constantly.  You may not be aware of them typically.  But when you start to explore and expand your consciousness  you also change the sensitivity of your senses.  And therefore, your senses can begin to perceive things  quite often first out of the corner of your eye.  So it's not too much of a shock until you get used to it  and can bring it into focus right before you.  But it's very typical  that as you expand your consciousness  you can see what was heretofore invisible  and make it visible to you  and get used to the idea  that there's more going on around you than you thought.  



问2：完美。谢谢。我今天就讲到这儿，非常感谢您抽出宝贵时间。  

Perfect.  Thank you.  That's all I have today.  Thank you so much for your time.  



巴夏：这是我们的荣幸和热情。我们也感谢各位。  

It is our passion and our pleasure.  We thank you as well.  


