巴夏：你的眼睛和太阳
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-07-04
 
Your Eyes and the Sun

你的眼睛和太阳

 

RJ: One of the things that we humans do is sunbathe.

问:我们人类做的其中一件事就是日光浴。

 

B:  Yes.

B:恩

 

Q:  My  understanding is that there are certain times during the day, or certain areas on the planet where the ozone layer allows certain radiation to come through that, let us say, is a type of radiation that is hard to transform.

问:我目前的理解是，在白天的某些时候，或者在地球上的某些地区，臭氧层允许某些辐射通过，可以这样说，那是一种很难转化的辐射。

 

B:  Sometimes, yes.  Here and there, there will be fluctuations, yes. 

 But this is a very random thing.

B:有时,是的。在各地，会有波动，是的。但这是一个非常随机的事情。

 

Q:  From your perspective what about sunbathing, i.e., spending a lot of time just radiating with the sun?

问:从你的角度来看，日光浴是什么?也就是花很多时间晒太阳辐射吗?

 

B:  Again, it will depend upon the individual’s frequency.  And if they are in touch with themselves vibrationally, they will know when enough is enough and it really doesn’t take all that much.  And at this time in certain areas of your planet, it perhaps would be wiser not to do too much.  But it will not necessarily hurt many individuals, if they are of a certain frequency where they are in touch with their intuition and simply feel the timing of the event and how much they should spend in that particular area.

B:再说一次，这取决于个人的频率。如果他们在振动上连接到了自己，他们就会知道什么时候适可而止，而且真的不需要那么多。此时，在你们星球上的某些地区，不要做太多日光浴或许会是明智的选择。但这并不一定会伤害到很多人，如果他们处于某一的频率，在这频率下连接到了他们的直觉，并且简单地感受到活动的时机和他们应该花多少时间待在那个特定的区域。

 

Q:  Thank you.  Again, specifically, I wanted to ask about the idea of transforming from a carbon to a more silicone base. 

问:谢谢你。具体来说，我想问一下关于从碳基转变为更多的硅基。

 

B:  This is what you are doing.

B:这就是你现在所做的。

 

Q:  But using the sun as way to accelerate the process.

问:但是使用太阳作为加速该过程的方式。

 

B:  All right.

B:好吧。

 

Q:  One of the ideas is looking directly into the sun, it seems to have a particular spin to it.  When you look directly into it, it pulsates with a   

Yin, and then a Yang vibration—back and forth.

问:其中一个方法是直视太阳，它似乎有一种特殊的自旋。当你直视它的时候，它就会随着阴而跳动，然后是阳的振动，来回地。

 

B:  There are individuals who may perceive what we have already described as, quote/unquote, lines of force, lines of dimensional warpage and shifting and things liked that, of that nature.  I would not, however, recommend looking directly into the sun.  At least not in your physical dimension.

B:有些人可能会理解我们刚才描述的， “力线”，维度线的扭曲，维度变化，以及类似这些性质的事情。然而，我不建议直视太阳。至少不是在你们的物理维度上。

 

Q:  Why not?

问:为什么不呢?

 

B:  Not if you want to maintain your eyes.

B:除非你不想要维护眼睛了。

 

Q:  How about when the sun is on the horizon, during sunrise and sunset?

问:那当日出日落，太阳在地平线上的时候怎么样呢?

 

B:  There are times when you can look at it more directly, in that sense.  But understand that you can use those times in contemplation and that is the best way to use the energy.  When it is, in your sense, noon, high in the sky, these are times for other kinds of utilization of that energy.  But in contemplation, either at dawn or dusk, are the best times for utilization of the sun’s energy and the sun’s light in transmutative format.  For it sends you inward even as you are seeing a reflection outward of that light, and that is what causes the strongest transmutation to take place within you.  Especially with regard to the way you use light, yes.  And this is directly connected to the idea of the transmutation of your system from carbon to silicone.  But this will not happen rapidly, it will only be in minute amounts and that is all that is necessary for you.  You understand?

B: 从那个意义上说，有时候你可以更直接地看太阳。但是要明白，你可以用这些时间来冥想，这是利用这些能量的最好方法。当太阳在，在你感觉起来，正午，在天空中最高的时候，这是其他类型的利用能量的时间。但在冥想中，无论是在黎明还是黄昏，都是利用太阳能量和太阳光线来引起范式转变的最佳时间。因为正当你看到外在太阳光的反射的时候，这便使你进入了内在，这就是引起你内在发生最强烈的蜕变的原因。特别是就你使用光的方法而言，是的。而且这直接关联到你的系统从碳基到硅基的转变。但这不会很快发生，它只会微量地发生，这就是你所需要的一切了。你明白吗?



Q:  Yes, thank you.

问:是的,谢谢。

