巴夏：梅尔卡巴
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2018-10-06
 




Q：我们不久前讨论了我看到的几何形状，你叫它梅尔卡巴  we were talking just recently about the geometrical shapes that I saw the Merkabah you gave it the name



我查了一下，我发现过去的人把它用作是扬升的战车  I looked that up and I saw that humans in the past we're using it as a chariot of Ascension



B：这是一种诗意的讲法，通过理解它代表了连接更高和更低之间的桥梁，如其在上，如其在下  well again that's just a poetic way of saying that by understanding that it represents the bridge in the link between the higher and the lower as above so below



有了这个理解，你可以通过保持在中间立场平衡状态来提高你的频率  that you raise your frequency with that understanding by staying in that middle ground balanced state



所以它是扬升的战车  so it's a chariot of Ascension



Q：我们可以用它来打开维度之门吗?  can we use it to open dimensional doorways?



B：哎呀，我不知道  gosh I don't know



这难道不是另一个意识许可吗？  is that not just another permission slip



它符合这个公式，是什么呢?  it fits into the formula that, what?

所有的工具，技术，仪式，物体都是意识许可  all tools techniques rituals objects are permission slips



你觉得我们有落下什么吗？  do you think that we've left anything out



Q：没有  no



B：所以使用它，不管用的什么方法，只要对你有效  so use it however it works for you



是吧 - 是  yes yes



记住，当你被某个东西吸引的时候  remember again when you're attracted to something



你被吸引的原因是，因为在那时它作用于你的信念系统对你有效，作为一种意识许可帮助你绕过你现行的信念系统  the reason the reason you're attracted is because at that moment with your belief system it'll work for you as a permission slip to help you circumvent your present belief system



所以去使用你被吸引的  so use what you're attracted to



当它改变了，那就用你被吸引的  when it changes, use what you're attracted to



当那改变了，那就用你被吸引的，诸如此类等等  when that changes use what you're attracted to, etc etc etc



这有帮助吗？  is this helping?



Q：非常有帮助  it is very much



我也对行星脉轮感兴趣  I've I'm also really excited about the planet chakras



你能更多点讲讲它们吗？  could you talk more about them?



B：关于脉轮？  about chakras?



Q：我们星球上有地方在能量上反映了脉轮吗？  are there places on our planet that have energy mirrors...



B：哦，是的，漩涡，主要的漩涡有点类似于身上的脉轮  oh yes, the vortices major vortices are sort of similar to the idea of the chakras of the body



比如沙斯塔，比如哈里阿克拉(死火山,在夏威夷茂伊岛东部)以及富士山和乞力马扎罗山，还有亚洲和澳大利亚的很多地区等等  such as Shasta and such as Haleakala and Fuji and Kilimanjaro and a lot of areas in Asia and Australia and so on and so forth



Q：我们可以把它们作为工具和意识许可帮助我们反映脉轮  and we can use them as tools and permission slips to help us mirror that...



谢谢  thank you



你最近也提到过未来你会更多地谈论毕宿五  Aldebaranyou also mentioned recently that in the future you might talk more about Aldebaran



我想知道现在是不是到时候了你可以详细说明下  I was wondering if now is the time that you might elaborate



B：我将让你继续琢磨现在是不是到时候了，因为时间到了  I will allow you to continue to wonder if now is the time because the time



Q：好的，非常感谢，巴夏，我爱你  okay thank you so much Bashar I love you



B：谢谢  thank you