巴夏：安慰剂效应
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 5月30日2021

【安慰剂效应

图片

安慰剂效应，又名伪药效应、假药效应、代设剂效应（英文：Placebo Effect，源自拉丁文placebo，含义为“我愿意”，理解为“我将受到安慰”）指病人虽然获得无效的治疗，但却“预料”或“相信”治疗有效，而让病患症状得到舒缓的现象。有人认为这是一个值得注意的人类心理-生理反应，但亦有人认为这是医学实验设计所产生的错觉。这个现象是否真的存在，科学家至今仍未能完全破解。】



问：日安，巴夏，
good day bashar,

你已经分享过，5G的影响可以被舒曼共振的谐波抵消，
you have shared that the effects of 5g could be negated by using the harmonics of the Schumann resonance,

你也分享过这取决于你的信念，

yet you also share that depending on what beliefs you have,

我们也可以抵消负面效果，
we can also override negative effects.

我的问题是，这些信念背后是否需要有足够的力量来抵消负面效果？
my question is is there an amount of power needed behind those beliefs to override the negative effects?

第二个问题是力量与安慰剂的关系是怎样的？
and second question is how does power relate to placebo?

谢谢！
thank you!


巴夏：几乎完全相同，
it's almost identical,

所需的力量的大小与信念的强度和认知的深度成正比，

the idea is the amount of power necessary is directly proportional to the depth of the belief the strength of the knowing,



你们星球上许多人在他们此时的进化过程中，

many people on your planet at this point in their evolution at this point in their process



想要相信他们可以用他们的信念来凌驾于物质之上，

may wish to believe that they can override things with their beliefs that are physical,



但是他们中大多数人其实并不相信他们可以做到，

but most of them actually don't really believe they can,



这就是为什么我们经常说这里有你物质头脑更好理解的物理办法，它其实代表了此时在你的信念结构中最小阻力的路径，

and that's why we often say here's a physical alternative that makes more sense to your physical mind that would actually represent a path of least resistance to you at this moment in your belief structure.



因为即使你也许快能用信念来抵消某些想法，

because even though you may be on your way to being able to negate certain ideas just with a belief,



你们大多数人并不相信自己能那样做到，

most of you don't actually believe you can do that,



因此你所相信的，习惯的，熟悉的物理效应可以被用来为你所用，

and therefore what you do believe in in terms of the physical effects that you're used to that you're familiar with can be used to your advantage



只是把它们当作是平等的选择，而不是认为少了些什么，

by simply treating them as an equal alternative instead of thinking that there's something less.



安慰剂效应证明了这点，只要你相信某些物理现象确实在发生，

the placebo effect proves this point by understanding that as long as you believe that something physical is actually occurring,



那么治疗的发生就没问题，

then it's all right for that to happen,



虽然你只是在其中用你的信念来使它发生，

and even though you're only using your belief in it to make it happen,



这个信念是你相信在用物理的手段做到这点，

it's a belief that you're using something physical to do so,



这就是悖论的地方，

and that's the paradox.



这就是为什么我们有时说物理模式或者物理的方法可以和“你用信念就可以抵消或改变某些东西”同样的强大，

and that's why we say sometimes the idea of a physical pattern or a physical approach can be equally as powerful as the idea that you can negate something or change something with just a belief,



所以安慰剂效应是示范了这两者之间的完美平衡，

so the placebo effect is the perfect balance demonstration between those two ideas,



因为你只是用你的信念来改变一些东西，

because you are just using your belief to change something,



这是因为你用的信念是“你相信你被告知的效果是在物理上发生的”。

but it's because you're using a belief in the effect of something you've been told is happening physically.

