巴夏：助人为乐
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-02-05 23:11



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年1月28日




问：为了让我们成为合格的银河公民，

In order for us to become full-fledged Galactic citizens,



我想说的是，我们要表现出哪些行为信念，才能做到这一点？

What are some of the I would say behaviors beliefs that we would exhibit, in order to be available for that?



巴夏：对一切事物之间的联系保持开放的态度，

Be open to the connections between everything,



尽你所能为地球上所有的人提供最好的服务。

And be of best service to all of the people of the Earth in the best way you can.



图片



问：从生物学角度来看，我们似乎被设计成在我们帮助他人，服务他人的时候，大脑会释放内啡肽（内啡肽被称为“快感荷尔蒙”），

And biologically we seem to be designed? so that we actually get an endorphin released when we are helping others or being of service to others,



你能评论一下，这是我们自然生理机能的一部分吗？

Can you comment on that like how that was that automatically part of our physiology?



这与更高层次的意识状态有什么关系？

And how does that relate to higher States Of Consciousness?



因为我们的生理反应表明了这一点。

Because we actually have a physiological response that shows that



巴夏：恩，它是你生理机能的一部分，

Yes, it is built into your physiology,



这样你就会知道什么时候你更深地连接到你真正的灵性自我，

So that you know when you are more strongly connecting to your true spiritual self.



因为事实就是这样，

Because that is what happens,



图片



就像我说的，为他人服务会在身体中触发灵性连接，这让你通过生理内啡呔和其它化学反应来表达这种连接，

As I said being a best service to all is what then triggers in the body that Spiritual Connection that allows you to express it through the idea of physiological endorphins and other chemical reactions,



这种生理上的感觉与你的灵魂的振动一致，从而知道你正在连接所有人，所有人都在连接你，

That are now lining up with the idea of the vibration of your spirit to know that you are connecting to all and that all is connecting to you,



因此，你在做真实的自己。

And therefore you are being your true self.



问：像你这样更高级和更少物质化的人，

And for being such as yourself that are more advanced and less physical,



当你以类似的方式帮助别人时，你是否也会有生理反应？

Do you also have a physiological response? when you're helping in a similar way.



巴夏：显然，如果你是非物质的，

Well, obviously, if you're non-physical,



那就不是生理反应了。

It's not a physiological response.



但正如我刚才说的，

But as I just said,



你灵魂的某些方面会让你体验到更多所谓的“万物之光”，

There are aspects of your spirit that allow you to experience more of what could be called "The Light of All That Is",



它在灵性上等同于那种连接、感恩和恩典的感觉，等同于内啡肽释放时生理上突如其来的所谓的愉悦感，

And it would be the spiritual equivalent of feeling that sense of connection, that sense of gratitude, that sense of grace, and the so-called Rush that you feel physiologically when endorphins are released,



但这不是一种生理反应。

But it's not a physiological response.