巴夏（Bashar）详解法则“你给出什么你就得到什么” (2020-05-09 08:18:35)转载▼
标签： bashar 巴夏	分类： 巴夏
Let Bashar clarify the Law of  "What you put out is what you get back".
[ InfiniteONE 收集并翻译 ]

1.
You create your reality.
你创造了你的现实（或实相/世界）。
2.
Physical reality is a mirror. As you change, physical reality on the outside has no choice, like the reflection in the mirror, but to change.
物理现实是一面镜子。当你改变时，外部的物理现实别无选择，就像镜子的反射一样，只能跟着改变。
3.
Physical reality is your expressi0n, is your projection, is your creation. Physical reality is actually made of you, you are actually it.
物理现实是你的表达，是你的投射，是你的创造。物理现实实际上是由你构成的，你实际上就是物理现实。
4.
Physical reality is nothing but the reflection of the state of being you believe is most true for you.
物理现实不过是对你最真实的状态的反映而已。
5.
Physical reality is not outer, it is inner, it's just a reflection of you at very given moment, individually and collectively.
物理现实并不在你之外，它在你之内，它只是你个人在给定的时刻的反映，或你们集体的反映。
6.
There really is no physical reality out there, that's an illusion.
外面真的没有物理现实，物理现实是一种幻象(或幻相)。
7.
Your reality does not have a mind of its own. It cannot change without you.
你的现实并没有自己的头脑。没有你，它不会改变。
8.
Life does not happen to you; it happens through you.
生活并不是发生在你身上；它通过你而发生。
9.
You are unlimited.
你是无限的，你有无限的潜能。
10.
The measure of the fact that you have changed is not based on whether the outside changes, it's base on whether your response to the outside changes regardless of it looks the same.
衡量你是否改变的标准，并不是你的外部世界是否改变了，而是你对外部世界的反应是否改变了（无论外部世界是否改变）。
11.
Everything happens within perfect timing. Everything fits perfectly. There are not extraneous creations in the universe.
一切都在完美的时机内发生。一切都恰到好处。宇宙中没有多余的创造物。
12.
Everything that is in your lives is there for a reason. There are no accidents.
在你的生活中发生的一切都是有原因的。没有意外。
13.
There is no true objectivity; everything is a subjective experience.
没有真正的客观；一切都是主观体验。
14.
There is no real the truth, in specific terms, against which to measure other truths for their validity. The truth is composed of all truths and all truths are actually real.( Note: there are only a few fundamentals that could be called the basics of existence that are common for everyone.)
具体来说，并没有一个真实的真理（或真相）可以用来衡量其他真理的有效性。真理是由所有真理组成的，而所有真理实际上都是真实的。（注意：只有几个基本法则适用于所有人，可以称之为存在的基础。）
15.
You can not experience what you are not vibration of.
你无法体验到你的振动之外的东西。
16.
Knowing and behavior and action are synonymous. So when you know something to be true, you don't question it, you just do it.
知道、行为和行动是同义词。因此，当你知道某件事是真实的时候，你就不会质疑它，而只是去行动。
17.
The ultimate secret is that there are no secrets. Every single one of you has the ability to access any piece of information at all, and in that sense nothing really can be kept a secret if you have a desire to know it.
终极秘密是没有秘密。你们每个人都有能力得到任何一条信息，从这个意义上说，如果你希望知道某个信息，那么它根本无法保密。
18.
You're always decisive. You're always in control. You're always confident. You're always trusting. You're always manifesting.
你永远坚决果断。你始终掌控一切。你总是充满自信。你一直都在相信。你始终都在显化。
19.
You are always 100% in trust of something. Doubt is a 100% trust in a belief you don't prefer.
你总是100％相信某件事。怀疑是100％相信你不喜欢的观念。
20.
No situation has built in meaning. All situations are fundamentally empty of meaning, blank, neutral. They are props, you give them meaning. The meaning you give them determines the effect you get out of it.
没有任何情境具有固有的意义。从根本上来说，所有情境都没有意义，都是空白的、中立的；它们就像道具一样，由你来赋予它们意义。你赋予它们的意义决定了你从中获得的结果。
21.
The greatest gift you have been given by Creation is that life is meaningless! The point being that you were created to give life meaning, and the meaning you give it, determines the effect you get out of it.
造物给予你们的最大的礼物，就是生活并无意义！这里的重点是，你们被创造出来来赋予生活意义，而你赋予生活的意义决定了你从中得到的结果。
22.
Circumstances don't matter, only state of being matters.
情境并不重要，只有你的状态才重要。
23.
There is no such thing as an inherently difficult situation, only your definition of the situation makes it feel difficult.
并不存在天然就困难的情境，只有你对“困难”情境的定义才使得它看起来困难。
24.
All rituals, all techniques, all objects, all tools, are permission slips that you give to yourself to be who you are.
所有仪式，所有技巧，所有对象，所有工具，都是你给予你自己、以成为你的真我的自我许可。
25.
Vulnerability is the idea of being open. Being totally open means you are connected to All That Is. Being connected means you are supported by All That Is. Being supported by All That Is means you are infinitely powerful.
无为就是完全开放。完全开放，意味着你与“一切万有”相连。与“一切万有”相连，意味着你得到“一切万有”的支持。得到“一切万有”的支持，意味着你无限强大。
26.
To open yourself, in complete vulnerability to All That Is, is not giving up control; it is taking control, it is being responsible.
完全无为地对“一切万有”开放，并不是放弃掌控，而是掌控和负责任。
27.
You are a reflection to individuals that you interact with.
你是与你互动的人的一个反射。
28.
Everyone you experience in your reality was created by you to interact with as a reflection of you.
你在现实中遇到的每个人都是你创造的，为的是作为你的一个反射来与你互动。
29.
You can't affect anyone who doesn't choose to be affected.
你无法影响任何未选择受你影响的人。
30.
Nothing effects you until you agree to be affected.
除非你同意受到影响，否则没有任何东西能够影响你。
31.
No matter what anyone else around you does, it cannot touch you in a negative way if you don't buy into it.
无论你周围的人做什么，如果你不相信它，它都不会对你产生负面的影响。
32.
Your physical reality is only the product on how you define it, and if you define it in a positive way you'll only get a positive experience from it no matter whether someone else has a negative intention toward you or not.
你的物理现实只是“你如何定义它”的产物，如果你以正面的方式定义它，则无论别人是否对你有负面的意图，你都只会从中获得正面的体验。
33.
That to fear that something is the most likely occurrence that could happen in your reality is the same thing as believing that it is.
担心某件事最有可能在你的现实中发生，与相信它最有可能在你的现实中发生，效果上是一样的。
34.
As you judge someone, you judge yourself, and take yourself down to that level.
当你评判别人时，你是在评判你自己，并且将自己拉低到那个评判的层次。
35.
If you don't self-respect, no one's going to give you a reflection of respect.
如果你不自尊，那么没人会尊重你。
36.
Forcing something on someone else is not an expressi0n of power; it is an expressi0n of powerlessness.
强迫他人干事，并不是强大的表现，而是虚弱的表现。
37.
The idea of forcing your point of view on someone else, is a good indication that you don't believe in it very much yourself, for if you did, you would know that it would take care of itself.
迫使别人相信你的观点，表明你自己并不十分相信它。因为，如果你相信它的话，你就会知道它无需关照。
38.
You don’t get peace by hating war, you get peace by loving peace.
仇恨战争不会带来和平，热爱和平才会带来和平。
39.
Animals are predatory on your world, because you are.
之所以你们世界里的动物是掠食性动物，是因你们人类也是掠食性的。
40.
Pets take on and reflect the individuality of those they are reflecting. They themselves are not intrinsically more individualized. They are perfect mirrors reflecting the individuals around whom they congregate.
宠物会呈现和反映出它们正在反射的人的个性。它们自身并无多少先天的个性。它们就像完美的镜子，反映出它们所围绕的人的个性。
41.
You don't need patience. The only reason you need patience is because you're impatient.
你并不需要耐心。你需要耐心的唯一原因是因为你没有耐心。
42.
The only experience you can have in a state of waiting is waiting.
在等待的状态下，你唯一的体验就是等待。
43.
You don't need to want. Remember, if you focus on wanting, then what you simply get is a reality where you continue to want things, because that's the primary energy you are focusing on.
你并不需要“想要”。请记住，如果你专注于“想要”，那么你所得到的只是一个你持续“想要”的现实，因为那是你关注的主要能量。
44.
The only way to miss your agreements is to spend your time and energy worrying you will miss the agreements.
错过约定的唯一情形，是你花费时间和精力担心你会错过那个约定。
45.
The true idea of prayer is to envision and to feel and to radiate and to ask and express gratitude for that which already exists.
真正的祈祷，是去想像、去感受、去散发、去要求和表达对已经存在的事物的感激。
46.
Forgiveness mitigates the idea of the consequences of negative acts.
宽恕减轻了负面行为的后果。
47.
At physical death, you will usually experience whatever represents the strongest beliefs you had in life.
肉体死亡时，你通常会经历你活着的时候所持有的最强烈的信念所创造的情境。
48.
You do not have to be reincarnated. It is always a choice.
你可以不转世。转世始终是一个选择。
49.
Your weather is a direct result of your mass-conscious emotionality.  
你们的天气是你们的集体意识情绪直接产生的结果。
50.
Karma is completely self-imposed. It is not something happens outside, it is simply the recognition of balance.
业力完全是自我强加的。业力并不是在你之外发生的事，它只是对平衡的认可而已。
51.
Telempathy is not that you're reading someone else's mind, it's that you're having the same thought at the same time. Because you're on a similar wavelength.
心灵感应并不是你在读别人的思想，而是你们在相同的时间有着相同的想法。因为你处于相似的频率上。
52.
The real unrequited love is that they're not loving themselves as much as they could.
真正单相思而得不到爱情的人，是因为他们没给自己足够的爱。
53.
A brain cannot study a brain objectively, for it will only see what it is wired to see.
大脑不能客观地研究大脑，因为大脑只会看到它希望看到的结果。
54.
There is no other reason to be happy other than that is the state you prefer.
快乐不需要其他理由，唯一的理由就是你喜欢快乐的状态。
55.
When you act on your excitement, everything flows, everything falls into place and the universe can be seen to work automatically and synchronicitically in a positive way for you.
当你跟随你的兴奋来行动时，一切都会流动，一切都会有条不紊，并且你会发现，宇宙会以一种正面的方式、自动和同步地为你工作。
56.
All pain - mental pain, spiritual pain, emotional pain, physical pain - all forms of what you call pain are, from our perspective, the result of resistance of your natural self.
所有的痛苦 - 心理上的痛苦、精神上的痛苦、情感上的痛苦、身体上的痛苦 - 所有形式的（你们所谓的）痛苦，在我们看来，都是你们抗拒你们的自然的自己的结果。
57.
The things, the ideas, the beliefs, the concepts, the experiences, the opportunities, whatever you wish to call them that are vibrating in alignment with your true core self are already doing their utmost to be attracted to you. The ideas, the synchronicities, the beliefs, the vibrations, the opportunities, the situations, the circumstances that are not align with that core radiant signature frequency that is your true self are doing their ulmost to get away from you. The only reason the things that are attempting to get to you don't get to you is that you are keeping them away. The only reason the things that are attempting to get away from you don't get away from you is you are holding onto them and not letting them go.
与你真正的核心自我振动一致的任何事物（比如物体、概念、信念、观念、体验、机会、同步性、情境等等任何你想怎么称谓就怎么称谓的东西），已经尽了它们最大的努力来靠近你。与你的真我的核心辐射特征频率不一致的任何东西，正竭尽全力地摆脱你。那些试图靠近你的事物无法靠近你的唯一原因，是你拒绝让它们接近。那些试图摆脱你的东西不能摆脱你的唯一理由，是你紧紧抓住它们而不放手。
58.
All creation, all reality, is a matter of consciousness intersecting with itself, interacting with itself, in various modalities, from various perspectives, let's say, approaching itself again and again and again and again, from various directions of self-reflectivity.
所有的创造，所有的现实，都是意识与它自身从各个角度、以各种形式、相交和互动的结果。就好像，从自我反射的各个方向，一次又一次又一次又一次又一次地接近自己、走进自己。
59.
A true understanding of time allows you to live more peacefully in the reality of relativity where time is experienced as a movement, a flow, rather than a constant. It is you who are moving, not time. Time has no movement.
对时间的真正理解，可以让你在相对性的实相里更安宁地生活。在这样的实相里，时间将被体验成一种变动的东西，一种流动的东西，而不是恒定不变的东西。事实上，是你在动，而不是时间。时间并不会动。

[newly added]
[新增]
60.
Many times, when you lock into a particular belief system, what comes with that belief system, always, is a built in mechanism that perpetuates itself and does not necessarily even allow you to know that the system can be changed, prevents you many times from even seeing, from even being able to see the opportunities that you could act upon that would change the system that you are in, the cycle that you are in, the patterns that you are in.
很多时候，当你锁定到一个特定的信念系统时，随之而来的，一定是使这个信念系统能够持续存在的内置机制。该机制甚至不让你知道你可以改变这个信念系统，甚至多次阻止你看到、或能够看到你可以采取某些行动来改变它的机会。
61.
Any of these so-called predictions are always a result of a particular mode of thinking, a particular belief structure, a particular perspective that already exists to begin with. 
任何预测（或预言），都是特定的思维模式、特定的信念结构、特定的观点的结果。一定是先有后者，才有前者。
62.
Believing is seeing; not the other way around.
所信即所见，而不是相反。
63.
Your reality does not support you. You support your reality. That is a profound difference.
你的现实并不支撑你。你支撑你的现实。这是两种完全不同的说法。
64.
It's completely up to your world as to whether or not it will wake up or be shaken awake.
是自己醒来，还是被摇醒震醒，完全取决于你们的世界。
65.
When you force something on someone else, all you are trying to do is convince yourself.
当你努力说服别人时，你其实是在尽力说服你自己。
66.
....