巴夏：为何很小的飞船内拥有巨大的空间
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年06月11日 08:49 辽宁
前言

“有些文明已经创造了将这些频率组合在一起的能力，以一种在外面看起来是一艘非常小的船，在里面实际上可以是英里，英里，英里，英里长的方式。”

                         译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                   传讯时间：2006年6月11日

巴夏：这是一个振动视角的问题，因为不同的维度。当你理解它们时，或者当你从你的维度视角解读它们时，看起来会有不同的维度质量。其中一些维度的质量不会以任何对你的三维思维有意义的方式转化为你的维度。

It is a matter of vibrational perspective, because different dimensions.as you understand them, or as you translate them from your dimensional perspective, will appear to have different qualities of dimensionality.And some of those qualities of dimensionality won't translate into your dimension in any way that makes sense to your three-dimensional mind.

因此它们看起来像是缺少质量或体积。从这个意义上讲，它将看起来非常小，甚至可能是亚原子。这并不是说它们本身就是，但从你的角度来看，它们看起来是，因为它们并没有完全转译过来。

and so they will appear to be missing mass or volume.And in that sense will appear to be very small, perhaps even subatomic.It's not that to themselves they are, but from your perspective they would appear to be, because they don't completely translate across.

这就是为什么有些文明已经创造了将这些频率组合在一起的能力，以一种在外面看起来是一艘非常小的船，在里面实际上可以是英里，英里，英里，英里长的方式。因为他们在一种跳跃中使用了两个不同的维度频率，在一种连贯、协调的跳跃中，在某种程度上，外部的概念以单一维度的方式转化为一种方式。

And that's why there are civilizations that have created the ability, however, to combine these frequencies in a way that what would appear on the outside to be a very small ship, on the inside can actually be miles, miles, miles, and miles long.because they are using two different dimensional frequencies in a kind of a dance, in a coherent, harmonized dance, in a way that the idea of the outside translates in one dimension one way.



但当涉及到内部时，由于这些维度的振动位移，转译完全不同。这用你们的语言来说有道理吗？对这个问题来说？

but then translates completely differently when it comes to the interior because of those dimensional vibrational shiftings going on.Is this making any sense in your language? To the question?

问：是的

Yes.

巴夏：好的。这有帮助吗？

All right. Does that help?

问：是的

Yes.

巴夏：现在，你们的文明最终也会学会这样做。这可能需要一段时间，但你们会学会这样做的。有许多文明都使用了这项技术，即使是在你所说的它们的结构中，在它们的城市中。

Now, your civilization will ultimately learn to do this as well. It may take a little while, but you will learn to do this.There are many civilizations that have employed this technology, even in what you would call their structures, in their cities.

图片


所以行星看起来相对没有城市，相对没有结构。那里可能看起来只不过是一扇门，但当你穿过它时，你就在一座可能长达数英里的建筑内。因此它不会占用地球上的任何空间，但会占用另一个维度的空间。

so that the planets seem relatively city-free, relatively structure-free.What may be there may appear to be nothing more than a door, but when you walk through it, you're inside a building that might be miles long.and therefore it doesn't take up any space on the planet, but it takes up space in another dimension.






阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 