巴夏：关于铜球实验的提问
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月15日 22:06 辽宁
前言

我们现在不允许对我们提供的有关自由能源装置的信息发表评论。

                    译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2023年9月10日

问：你好，巴夏

Hello, Bashar.

巴夏：你也是，日安

And you,good day.

问：所以我听说了你的铜球实验

So I heard about your copper ball experiment. 

巴夏：是的

Yes.

问：你测量一个铜球在一个位置和另一个位置的共振，然后用减法差轰击它，让导电球滚动。

where you measure the resonance of a copper ball in one location, another, and then blast it with the subtractive difference to get the conductive ball to roll around.

巴夏：是的

Yes.

问：我想知道是否有可能，而不是测量这些微妙的频率，简单地选择一个频率范围，用这个频率击球，并用不同的线性频率进行实验。

I was wondering if it would be possible to, instead of measuring these subtle frequencies, to simply pick a frequency range and blast the ball with that frequency and experiment with different linear frequencies.

或者就像线性扫描和组合扫描一样，看看我们是否可以在不实际测量的情况下让它滚动。

or just like a linear sweep and a combination sweep to see if we could get it to roll around without actually measuring it in the first place.

巴夏：当然。

Sure.

问：所以如果你只改变位置变量的一个频率，这会自动导致位置的整体变化吗？

So if you change just one frequency of the locational variable, does that automatically result in a total change of the location?

或者这些不同的部分，就像位置变量的子组件一样，是连接在一起的吗？

Or are the different, like, subcomponents of the locational variable kind of connected together?

巴夏：有子组件，这就是为什么在你的情况下，球会滚动，而不是简单地在A点消失并在B点重新出现。

There are subcomponents, which is why, in your case, the ball would roll around as opposed to simply disappearing at point A and reappearing at point B.

问：好的，所以

Okay. So 

巴夏：你们的技术还不够精确。

your technology is not precise enough yet. 

问：精确到足以轰击，还是精确到足以测量？

Precise enough to blast it or precise enough to measure it?

巴夏：它不够精确，无法让它从A点消失并出现在B点。

It's not precise enough to get it to disappear from point A and appear at point B. 

所以其效果将是它只是从A点滚动到B点，然后停止。

So the effect would be that it would simply roll from point A to point B.  And stop. 

问：那么我们轰击物体的频率是否必须足够接近物体已经具有的组成频率之一？

So do we have, so the frequency that we blast the object with, does it have to be close enough to one of the constituent frequencies that the object already has?

或者它可以是任何频率，比如低于每秒400个周期？

Or can it literally be any frequency, say below 400 cycles per second? 

巴夏：不，不，不。你正在使物体共振，并在一个位置测量该频率，然后将其移动到第二个位置，使物体共振并测量该频率。然后测量它们之间的差异。

No, no, no, no. You are making the object resonate and measuring that frequency in one location and then moving it to the second location, making the object resonate and measuring that frequency.And then measuring the difference between them.

问：对。但是因为我们的设备不够灵敏，无法测量这些类型的振动，或者你不确定。

And then measuring the difference between them. Right. But because our equipment isn't sensitive enough to measure the, like those types of vibrations yet, or you're unsure.

巴夏：不，是不灵敏。是不灵敏。这就是我们给你们做实验的原因。你只需要使用复杂的设备。

No, it is. It is. That's why we gave you the experiment. You just have to use sophisticated equipment.

问：好的，好的，好吧。所以我想分享一下我对频率谐波的观察。

Okay. Okay. All right. So I wanted to share an observation that I made about frequency harmonics.

巴夏：好啊。

Yes.

问：所以，如果你取这个3.69303兆赫的值，也就是同步数，然后用除法以黄金比例增量反复递减。

So if you take this value of 3.69303 megahertz, so synchronistic numbers, and you repeatedly step it down with golden ratio increments using divisions.

然后我们会遇到很多重要的频率，例如333千赫兹，还有心脏和牙根的磺胺焦频率，每秒639和396个周期。

then we encounter a lot of important frequencies, for example, 333 kilohertz and also the heart and the root sulfagio frequencies, 639 and 396 cycles per second.

所以我想知道你是否能告诉我们一些关于这种谐波及其潜在应用的信息。

So I was wondering if you could tell us a little bit about this harmonic and potential applications of it.

巴夏：不能。

Nope.

问：好吧，那么我会问更多。

Okay, then I'll ask more.

巴夏：目前不是我们的工作。

Not our job at the moment. 

问：好吧，所以你不能告诉我，这个最高频率是否是爱莎莎妮自由能源装置最外层的必要频率？

Okay. So you wouldn't be able to tell me if this highest frequency is the necessary frequency for the outermost shell of the Esasani free energy device?

巴夏：我们现在不再被允许对我们提供的有关自由能源装置的信息发表评论。

We are no longer allowed to comment on the information we have given about the free energy devices at this time.

问：好吧，谢谢你确定了这一点。我想知道你的飞船在贝尔岩上空有多高？

Okay. Thank you for establishing that.  I'm wondering at this point how far above Bell Rock is your ship?

巴夏：700英尺。

700 feet. 

问：仍然是700。好吧，令人惊奇。

 Still 700. Okay. Wonderful. 

巴夏：你们在鼓掌就好像你们可以伸手触摸我们。

You are clapping as if you could reach up and touch us.

现场一片笑声