巴夏：制作水晶头骨
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月15日 06:01 辽宁
前言
形成了一个能量矩阵。以各种方式。然后在这个矩阵上，水晶发生改变或生长。
               译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
            传讯时间：2019年4月20日
问：你好，巴夏。
Hello, Bashar. 
巴夏：你也是，你好。
And to you good day. 
问：我有几个关于水晶头骨和13个头骨的问题，以及今天地球上的一些主要头骨。首先，我想知道头骨是如何创造的。他们说这是不可能的，因为里面有不同的东西，棱柱体放在里面，透镜。它是如何创造的？
I have several questions about the crystal skull and the 13 skulls and also some of the main skulls that are on the planet today that are important in this.First, I'd like to know about how the skull was created. They say it was impossible to make because of the different things in it, the prisms put inside, the lenses.How was it created? 

巴夏：与我们今天创造飞船的方式类似，因为它们也是一种类型的水晶形态。这是一种流传下来的古老外星技术，被复制到他们当时所能达到的任何程度。但这个想法是，形成了一个能量矩阵。以各种方式。然后在这个矩阵上，水晶发生改变或生长。并且矩阵包含振动模式，允许水晶重新排列其分子结构来遵循这种能量模式，用于每个议会成员在创建模式时可能给出的各种预期目的。

Similar to the way we today create our ships, since they are also of a type of crystalline form.This was ancient extraterrestrial technology handed down, copied to whatever degree they could at the time.But the idea is that an energy matrix is formed. In a variety of ways.And upon that matrix, the crystal is altered or grown. And the matrix contains vibrational patterns that allow the crystal to rearrange its molecular structure to follow that energy pattern for a variety of intended purposes that might be given in creating the pattern by each of the council members.

所以他们一起在他们的吟唱中协调一致，每首圣歌都略有不同并致力于创造水晶的不同外表。所以当取下一块未经加工的水晶时，其分子结构会随着时间的推移通过圣歌的共振重新排列，然后被雕刻，再次，不仅仅是通过你们不再拥有的某些类型的工具的概念，而且通过振动共振，本质上，也就是说，放松分子矩阵，软化分子矩阵，使其能够被操纵成现在的形状。

So they together harmonize in their chant, each chant being slightly different and geared toward creating a different aspect of the crystal.So as a raw crystal is taken, its molecular structure rearranged through the resonance of the chant over time and then carved .Again, not only through the concept of certain kinds of tools, you no longer have, but through vibrational resonance also, that, in essence, loosens the molecular matrix, softens the molecular matrix, allowing it to be manipulated into its present shape.

此外，还有一位古代亚特兰蒂斯的大祭司，他非常受人尊敬。并且在他死后，他的骨骼被保存了下来。并且这是他真实头骨的复制品。所以它在振动上包含着与那位亚特兰蒂斯大祭司和教授他他所知道的外星起源的连接。

Also, there was an ancient Atlantean high priest who was very revered.And upon his death, his skeleton was preserved.And this is a copy of his actual skull. So it contains vibrationally a connection to that high Atlantean priest and to the extraterrestrial sources that taught him what he knew.

图片
因此，在亚特兰蒂斯，在亚特兰蒂斯主水晶中，以及在最初的复制品中，注入了库库尔坎，奎兹尔科亚特尔，古柯曼提斯的能量，他是原型的外星人，为他们提供了如何做到这一点的技术知识。经过多年的训练，他们完善了这项技术，直到他们能够从主头骨那里复制出来。这回答了你的问题吗？

Thus,in the Atlantean master crystal, and in the initial duplicate, the infusion of the energy of Kukulkan, Quetzalcoatl, Cucumatz, who was the archetypal extraterrestrial that bestowed the technological knowledge upon them as to how to do this.Over many years of training, did they perfect this technique until such time as they could create the duplicate from the master.Did that answer your question? 

问：非常多，谢谢。

Very much, thank you. 

巴夏：还有别的吗？

Anything else？

问：是的。过去有人告诉我，有两个完全相同的头骨。当我听到它时，这句话深深地印在我的脑海里。

Yes. I was sometimes told in the past that there was two identical skulls exactly the same.And that stuck in my mind when I heard it.

 巴夏：请原谅我们，我们正在笑。并且头骨也是如此。因为它不是两个完全相同的头骨。它是同一个头骨，但头骨具有在两地同时出现的性质。它可以从一个位置转换和转移到另一个位置。正如这些史前古器物中的许多一样。所以有时它可能在一个地方，而有时在另一个似乎太远的地方，它不可能是同一个头骨，但它是。因为它以一种非常独特的方式在不同的平行现实中转换。

Please excuse us, we are laughing.And so was the skull. Because it is not two identical skulls. It is the same skull, but the skull has the property of bilocation.It can shift and transfer from one location to another. As many of these artifacts can.So sometimes it may be in one place and sometimes in another that seems too far away for it to be the same skull, but it is.Because it is shifting through different parallel realities in a very unique way.

图片
所以有时它会在一个地方，有时在另一个地方。而有时，这种转变的频率如此之高，以至于它可能同时出现在两个地方。从而引导你得出结论，有两个完全相同的头骨，而事实上，是同一个头骨在你的感官范围之外非常迅速地来回移动。事实上，它实际上可以同时出现在超过两个地方。实际上，它可以同时出现在全部13个地方。实际上还有12个头骨。

So sometimes it will be in one place and sometimes in another. And sometimes the frequency of the shift is so great that it may appear to be in two places at once.Thus leading you to the conclusion that there are two identical skulls, when in fact it is the same skull moving back and forth very rapidly beyond the realm of your senses to perceive.In fact, it can actually be more than two. It can actually be all 13.There are actually 12 other skulls.

但因为它是主头骨的复制品，它实际上可以让自己充满所有13个头骨的振动，因此有时会在这里和那里出现所有13个头骨。它可以通过振动将自己注入其他头骨。因此，从某种意义上说，你可以说它时不时地会滑入其他头骨。但它也可以在另一个位置自行在生理上显现出来。这对你来说有道理吗？

But because it is the master duplicate, it can actually imbue itself with the vibrations of all 13, and thus sometimes appear as all 13 here and there.It can infuse itself in the others vibrationally. Thus, in a sense, you could say it sort of slips into the other ones from time to time.But it can also manifest physiologically on its own in another location.Is this making sense to you? 

问：是的，确实如此。这很有道理。

Yes, it does. It makes perfect sense. 