巴夏：反重力飞船
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月15日 06:00 辽宁
前言

嗯，那是一个人造版本。一艘类似于我们和其他文明使用的三角飞船的人造复制品，但它是人造版本。

TR-3B 反重力飞船
它并不存在正式的。它使用由核能加速的高压汞产生等离子体，从而在飞船周围产生反重力场。位于飞船尖端的常规推进器使其能够沿所有三个轴执行各种快速高速机动。有趣的是，产生的等离子体也显著降低了雷达特征。所以它在雷达上几乎看不见并且不会被发现。这实际上意味着它可以去任何它喜欢的国家，而不会被空中交通管制和防空系统发现。

It doesn't exist officially. It uses highly pressured mercury accelerated by nuclear energy to produce a plasma that creates a field of anti-gravity around the ship. Conventional thrusters located at the tips of the craft allow it to perform all manner of rapid high speed maneuvers along all three axes. Interestingly, the plasma generated also reduces radar signature significantly. So it'll be almost invisible on radar & remain undetected. This literally means that it can go to any country it likes without being detected by air traffic control & air defence systems. 

图片

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2023年1月28日

问：我的一个朋友对三角飞船TR-3B很好奇。

And a friend of mine is curious about the triangle ships, the TR-3B.

巴夏：你说的是人造版本？

You're talking about the human-made versions? 

问：嗯，他们刚刚提到TR-3B，他们对.。。有疑问。

Well, they just brought it up talking about the TR-3B and that they have questions about.

巴夏：嗯，那是一个人造版本。一艘类似于我们和其他文明使用的三角飞船的人造复制品，但它是人造版本。它非常有限。

Well, that's a human-made version. Yeah. A human-made copy of a triangle ship similar to the ones that we use and other civilizations use, but is a human-built version.It's quite limited. 

图片

问：非常有限。哦。你已经谈论了很多关于你的飞船，这似乎更令人兴奋。

Quite limited. Oh. And you've talked quite a bit about your ships, which seem much more exciting.

巴夏：嗯，它们是一种不同的技术，你可以简单地称之为更先进的技术，可以做与人造版本不同的事情。

Well, they're of a different technology, what you might refer to simply as something more advanced, and can do different things than the human-made versions.

问：人类制造的版本只是试图模仿这一点，还是他们在自己的兴奋上试图创造这些？

Are the human-made versions just trying to sort of emulate that, or they're acting on their excitement trying to create these?

巴夏：他们是兴奋地创造。尽管，再一次，你们对技术的理解非常有限。你们需要在理解上有一个巨大的飞跃，才能模仿我们实际使用的飞船。

They are. Although, again, quite limited by your understanding of technology.You need a quantum leap in understanding to emulate the ships that we actually use.

问：我们可以通过遵循兴奋公式来实现飞跃，我想。

And we can access that quantum leap by following the formula, I'm guessing.

巴夏：是的，你们最终能够在适当的时候理解。

Yes, you can eventually when it's appropriately timed. 

问：明白了，谢谢。这太棒了，巴夏。我非常感谢你的时间和关注。

Got it. Thank you. This is so wonderful, Pashar.I so appreciate your time and attention. 

巴夏：我们也对你的共同创造深表感谢。Avil。

Our deep appreciation to you for the co-creation as well.Avil.


图片





阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 