巴夏：地球是空心的吗？
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月19日 06:01 辽宁
前言

许多人，当他们认为自己实际上已经进入了物质地球里时，只是通过一个门户进入了另一个维度。

伯德海军上将的远征

如今，空心地球叙事的另一个支柱——尽管他可能没有接受这种声誉——是海军上将理查德·伯德（Richard Byrd），他是一位美国探险家，在1920年代领导了首次飞越两极的飞行（据说他是少数几个瞥见我们星球之心秘密的地表居民之一）。

尽管伯德多次访问南北两端，但从未提到过一个洞。然而，为了证实他们的说法，空心地球人经常引用1947年的这句神秘的话：“我希望看到极地以外的那片土地。极地之外的那个区域是大未知的中心。谈论一个开放解释的金矿。

These days, another pillar of the hollow Earth narrative — though he may not have embraced this reputation — is Admiral Richard Byrd, an American explorer who led the first flights over both poles in the 1920s (and supposedly one of the few surface-dwellers to glimpse the secret at our planet's heart).

Despite numerous visits to the northern and southern extremities, Byrd never once mentioned an opening. Nevertheless, to substantiate their claims, hollow Earthers routinely cite this enigmatic remark from 1947: "I'd like to see that land beyond the Pole. That area beyond the Pole is the center of the Great Unknown." Talk about a gold mine of open interpretation.

图片

                        译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                 传讯时间：2024年1月20日

问：嗨，巴夏。我叫丽莎。我想问一个关于你有关在地球里没有空洞或中心地核的评论的问题。我知道不久前有人问过这个问题，然后你说不，地球中心没有空洞。

Hi, Bashar. My name is Lisa, and I'm asking a question regarding your comments that there is no hole or center core in the Earth.And I know that there was a question about this a while back, and you said no, that there was no hole in the center of the Earth.

然而，理查德·伯德在他的个人日记里，当他代表美国在南极洲进行探险时。在他的笔记中提到地球里有一个空洞，他实际上在这个空洞里驾驶飞机，并与外星人会面。我想知道更多你对此的看法，以及你对此有何评论。非常感谢。再见。

However, Richard Byrd in his personal journal, when he had his expedition on behalf of the United States in Antarctica.put in his notes that there was a hole in the Earth, and he actually flew his plane in this hole and actually met with aliens.I wanted to know more about your opinion on this and if you had any comments on that. Thanks so much. Bye-bye.

巴夏：是的，我们以前讨论过这个问题。许多人，当他们认为自己实际上已经进入了物质地球里时，只是通过一个门户进入了另一个维度。

Yes, we have discussed this before. Many people, when they think they have actually entered the physical Earth, have simply gone through a portal into another dimension.

他们没有意识到自己做到了这件事。因此，认为他们正在经历的是在物质上位于地球内部。但事实上，这完全处于不同的维度。

They do not perceive that they have done this. And therefore think that what they're experiencing is physically inside the Earth when, in fact, it's in a different dimension altogether.