巴夏：埃及石棺的作用
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月18日 06:00 辽宁
前言

在生活中，它们被用来提供一个振动室，以获得更高的功效和更多的可能性，从而获得出体体验和属灵领域的知识。

塞拉佩姆

塞拉佩姆（Serapeum）是古埃及的两座神庙之一，供奉希腊-埃及神塞拉皮斯（Sarapis）。最初精心设计的同名寺庙位于尼罗河西岸的 ?aqqārah 附近，起源于已故的 Apis 公牛的纪念碑，Apis 公牛是 Ptah 神的神圣动物。虽然该地区早在公元前 1400 年就被用作公牛的墓地，但拉美西斯二世（公元前 1279-13 年）设计了一个主画廊和附属房间（被继任国王反复扩建），作为已故阿皮斯公牛的地下墓穴，这些公牛在死后被奥西里斯神同化为奥西里斯-阿皮斯。居住在 ?aqqārah 附近的希腊人将这位神崇拜为 Osorapis，在托勒密王朝时期成为 Serapis，这座神庙此后被称为 Serapeum。

Serapeum, either of two temples of ancient Egypt, dedicated to the worship of the Greco-Egyptian god Serapis (Sarapis). The original elaborate temple of that name was located on the west bank of the Nile near ?aqqārah and originated as a monument to the deceased Apis bulls, sacred animals of the god Ptah. Though the area was used as a cemetery for the bulls as early as 1400 BC, it was Ramses II (1279–13 BC) who designed a main gallery and subsidiary chambers (repeatedly enlarged by succeeding kings) to serve as a catacomb for the deceased Apis bulls who, in death, became assimilated to the god Osiris as Osiris-Apis. The Greeks living near ?aqqārah worshiped this god as Osorapis, which under the Ptolemaic dynasty became Serapis, and the temple was thereafter called the Serapeum.

图片

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
               传讯时间：2023年6月24日

问：你好，巴夏，你好吗？

Hello, Bashar. How are you? 

巴夏：很完美，你呢？

Perfect. And you?

问：好极了。

Excellent.

巴夏：好的。你想讨论什么？

All right. What would you like to discuss?

问：几个月前我在埃及，看到了许多有趣和神秘的东西。

I was in Egypt a few months ago, and I saw many interesting, mysterious things.

其中一个是塞加拉的塞拉佩姆。这是一个地下结构，有24个巨大的花岗岩石棺，每个石棺的重量约为70吨。我只是好奇，谁制造了这个石棺，它们是用来做什么的？

One of them was the Serapeum at Saqqara. It's an underground structure that has 24 huge sarcophagi made of granite, and each of them is about 70 tons in weight.I'm just curious, who made this sarcophagi, and what were they used for?

巴夏：有些东西已经被用于棺材的想法，但只有在肉体死亡之后。在生活中，它们被用来提供一个振动室，以获得更高的功效和更多的可能性，从而获得出体体验和属灵领域的知识。

Some things have been used for the idea of coffins, but only after the life.During the life, they're used to provide a vibrational chamber that allows for more efficacy and more probability at having out-of-body experiences and gaining knowledge on the spiritual realm.

问：有意思。

Interesting. 

图片

巴夏：他们是用亚特兰蒂斯时代的古老知识创造的，这可以追溯到他们与外次元存有的相遇。

They are created with ancient knowledge from Atlantean times, which goes back even further in their encounters with extradimensional beings.

在那里他们获得了一些知识，但在他们自己的出体探索中，他们也搜集了知识，然后在亚特兰蒂斯毁灭后，通过幸存者这些知识被传递给了埃及和许多其他文化。

Where they got some of that knowledge, but in their own out-of-body explorations also gathered the knowledge that they then passed on to the Egyptian and many other cultures after the destruction of Atlantis by the survivors.

问：所以它们是在大金字塔建造的同时建造的吗？

So were they built around the same time as the Great Pyramid? 

巴夏：有些是，有些不是。其中一些是后来的，但最终这些知识都消失了。

Some of them were, and some of them aren't.Some of them are later, but eventually the knowledge was lost. 

问：好的。在大金字塔中新发现的房间，它的目的是什么？

Okay. And the new chamber that was discovered in the Great Pyramid, what was its purpose?

巴夏：它增加了大金字塔作为共鸣室的共振。大金字塔中的这些房间之间存在某种比率和关系。这些比率和关系增强了某些频率，从而增加了出体体验和高我冥想体验的可能性。

It added to the resonance of the Great Pyramid as a resonating chamber. There are certain kinds of ratios and relationships between those chambers in the Great Pyramid.That enhance certain frequencies that allow, for higher probability of experiencing both out-of-body and higher-mind meditational experiences.

同时也为不同形式的能量提供了共振，古人也能够从完整的金字塔中吸取能量。但现在只能部分传递，因为金字塔并不完全完整。但它也创造了某些类型的振动，这些振动可以转化为某些形式的能量，包括电能，而古人能够在有限的程度上使用这些能量。

And also provide resonance for different forms of energy that the ancients also were able to siphon off of the intact pyramids.which it can only now deliver partially because the pyramid is not completely intact.But it also created certain kinds of vibrations that could be transformed, formed into certain forms of energy, including electricity, which the ancients were capable of using to a limited degree.

图片

问：好的。大金字塔中将来还有其他房间会被发现吗？

Okay. Are there other chambers in the Great Pyramid that will be discovered in the future?

巴夏：是的。

Yes. 

问：好的。我有一个关于亚特兰蒂斯的问题。2001年，在古巴西海岸发现了一座沉没的城市。在大约2000英尺的深度。这是亚特兰蒂斯的殖民地吗？

Okay. And I have a question about Atlantis. In 2001, a sunken city was discovered off the west coast of Cuba at the depth of Atlantis.at the depth of about 2,000 feet. Was this an Atlantean colony? 

巴夏：是的。

Yes. 

问：它怎么沉得这么低？

And how did it sink so low?

巴夏：好吧，你必须明白，海水上升了很多。所以不仅地震震动使其殖民地的某些部分下沉，而且由于冰盖融化，海洋也上升了。

Well, you have to understand that the waters of the ocean rose a lot.So not only were there seismic tremors that allowed certain portions of their colonies to sink, the oceans also rose because of the ice caps melting.

问：好的。这座城市叫什么名字，它以什么闻名？

Okay. And what was the name of this city, and what was it known for? 

巴夏：它主要是一个贸易城市和农业城市。等一下。它最古老的名字是Caacara。这回答了你的问题吗？

It was mostly a trade city and agricultural city.One moment.Its most ancient name was Caacara.Does that answer your question? 

图片

问：是的。它是否与亚特兰蒂斯的主要城市同时沉没？

Yeah. Did it sink at the same time as the main city of Atlantis?

巴夏：在一段时间内分批沉没。但再一次，它不仅仅沉没了。记住，海平面上升是因为冰融化。但是摧毁亚特兰蒂斯大部分主要部分及其一些殖民地的主要海啸来自彗星撞击大西洋。

In portions, over periods of time. But again, it's not just that it sunk. Remember, the oceans rose because of the ice melt.But the main tsunami that wiped out most of the main portion of Atlantis and some of its colonies came from a cometary impact into the Atlantic Ocean.

这就是造成毁灭的主要原因。然后是因为撞击后发生的气候变化，以及由于冰融化而发生的大洪水的想法和海啸。然后随着时间的推移，海平面上升。

That's what caused the main destruction. Then because of the climate change that occurred after the impact and the idea of the great floods that occurred because of the ice melts and the tsunamis.Then over time, the oceans rose. 