巴夏：宇宙大爆炸
2025.04.01
这个想法就是我们在古代语言中所说的或所指的“最耀眼的光芒”。
                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
             传讯时间：2012年6月16日
问：事实上，我的问题与宇宙大爆炸有关。我想知道你是如何解释它的，我问了我的问题是，你是怎么解释宇宙大爆炸的，它是如何发生的？
Actually, my question was related to the Big Bang. I wanted to know how you explain it, and I asked my question that how, how do you explain Big Bang, how it happened?

巴夏：这个想法就是我们在古代语言中所说的或所指的“最耀眼的光芒”。这个想法是，从根本上讲，现在再次，这只是你们语言中的委婉说法。这并不是绝对字面的意思，但这是可以翻译成你们语言的最好的比喻。你明白吗？

The idea is what we call or refer to in our ancient language as the prime radiant. The idea being that really fundamentally, now again, this is just a euphemism in your language.This isn't meant to be absolutely literal, but it's the best analogy that can be translated into your language.You understand?

问：对。

Right.

图片
巴夏：好，让我们退一步，就像你们说的。首先，你们的科学家，其中许多人，现在明白了所谓的创世大爆炸不一定是一切的开始。这只是你们特定宇宙的开始，对吧？但无限就是无限，而且有很多大爆炸，正如你们所说，有许多循环发生在无限之内。有许多宇宙，你们的科学家已经理解为多元宇宙。所以说真的，有很多大爆炸。

Well, let us back up, as you say. First of all, your scientists, many of them, now understand that the so-called Big Bang is not necessarily the beginning of everything.It's just the beginning of your particular universe, yes? Right. But infinity is infinity, and there are many Big Bangs, as you say, many cycles that occur within infinity.Many universes, what your scientists have come to understand as the multiverse. So really, there are many Big Bangs.

但就你们的特定宇宙及其所谓的开始而言，这个想法是，再次，作为比喻，作为例子，如果你愿意，想象一下，只有一个粒子，没有其他粒子。好吗？如果你想把它简单地表示为漂浮在一个巨大的、空白的、无限的黑色真空中的微小亚原子粒子，那也没关系。为了便于说明的目的，这就可以了，即使这不一定是真的。所以现在想象一下，因为只有一个亚原子粒子，所以它绝对没有别的关系，对吗？

But in terms of your particular universe and its so-called beginning, the idea is, again, as an analogy, as an illustration, imagine, if you will, that there is only one particle and nothing else.All right? If you wish to represent this as simply a tiny subatomic particle floating in a big, empty, infinite black void, that's all right.It will do for the purposes of the illustration, even if that's not necessarily literally true. So now imagine that because there is only this one subatomic particle, it has absolutely nothing else to relate to, yes?

问：对。

Right.

巴夏：所以真的没有重力。真的没有质量感。真的没有空间感或时间感。它只是作为一个纯粹存在的点而存在。因此，然后，它能够做到任何可以想象的事情。换句话说，它可以以无限的速度行进。没有什么能够阻止它。目前还没有物理定律。你跟上我了吗？

So there really is no gravity. There really is no sense of mass.There's really no sense of space or time. It just exists as a point of pure existence.Thus, then, it is capable of doing anything and everything imaginable.In other words, it can travel at infinite speed. Nothing holds it back. There are no laws of physics yet.You follow me? 

问：是的。

Yes.

图片
巴夏：因此，如果你理解单个粒子可以以无限的速度穿过那个巨大的无限空间，那么这意味着粒子实际上可以同时出现在任何地方。对吗?因此，它实际上可以看起来像是无限数量的粒子，即使它实际上只是一个粒子。

Thus, if you understand that that single particle can travel throughout that void, that big, infinite void, at infinite speed, then that means that particle can actually appear to be everywhere at once.Yes？Thus, it can actually appear to be an infinite number of particles, even though it's actually only one particle.

问：这很有道理。

That makes sense.

巴夏：这就是宇宙大爆炸。现在，它这样表现的图案。。。再次，作为一个比喻，类似于你在房间对面的全息图上看到的线条图案，这个想法是，它将以一种你们所说的几何辐射形式创造出无限的速度路径。在它没有穿过它的路线的地方，它将会只是你所说的，好吧，几乎是空无的。当它开始穿越自己的路线时，它就会积聚起来，从某种意义上说，它会变得越来越致密，变得更像你们所认识的能量和物质。

That's the Big Bang. Now, the pattern in which it did that...Again, as an analogy, similar to the pattern of lines you see on the holotope across the room, the idea is that it will create that infinite speed pathway in a kind of what you would call a geometrically radiating form.Where it doesn't cross its path, it will be simply what you call, well, almost emptiness.Where it starts to cross its own path, it builds up, in a sense, more and more densification and becomes something more akin to what you recognize as energy and then matter.

你明白吗？所以，从某种意义上说，它最容易自我交叉的地方创造了你们所理解的所谓致密物质的体验，以及你们认为你们的宇宙是由什么组成的。但你们的科学家现在开始探索的是，你们宇宙的大部分是由暗物质组成的想法，暗能量对你们来说是完全看不见的。

You understand?So, in a sense, the places where it crosses itself the most creates what you understand as the experience you call dense matter and what you think your universe is made of.But what your scientists are now beginning to explore is the idea that the majority of your universe is made up of dark matter, dark energy that is highly invisible to you.

问：这是正确的。

That's right. 

巴夏：好，暗物质和暗能量是单个粒子较少穿过其自身的路线的地方。它没有那么浓密。但它构成了构成你们物质宇宙的大部分物质。因为它只会以非常密集的方式穿过自己几次，从而创造出少量的物质，相对而言，这创造了你们在物质现实中能感知到的所有物质。

Well, the dark matter and dark energy is where the single particle crosses its own path less.It isn't as dense. But it forms the majority of the material that makes up your physical universe.Because it only crosses itself a very few times in a very dense way to create that small amount of matter, relatively speaking, that creates all the matter you can perceive in your physical reality.

问：对。

Right.

图片
巴夏：明白吗？这也是产生你们所说的重力和所有力的原因。从这个意义上讲，它实际上是相互关联的，因为从某种意义上说，它就像一张网。而这就是那张网。这是路线本身，几何路线本身，从某种意义上说，这创造了这种连接性、可拉伸性和延展性，你们将其解释为引力或电磁力或强核力或弱核力的概念。这有道理吗？

Understand?And that's also what creates the idea you call gravity and all the forces.In that sense, it is actually interconnected because, in a sense, it's like a web. And it is that web.It is the pathway itself, the geometric path itself, in a sense, that creates that connectivity, the stretchability and malleability that you interpret as the idea of gravitational or electromagnetic or strong or weak nuclear forces.Does that make sense?

问：是的，当然。

Yeah, sure.

巴夏：是的，当然。好吧。

Yeah, sure. All right.

问：所以，这里的问题是，是谁触发了这个运动，在无限中拥有无限的空间。。。

So, here is the question that who triggered this movement for having an infinite space in an infinite...

巴夏：没有开始。

There is no beginning.

问：意思是发生了什么事？有人说是上帝引发了这一切。。。

Means what happened？Some people are saying that God triggered this...

巴夏：存在，存在。存在只有一个品质，那就是存在。记住，时间从属于存在。存在不受时间的限制。时间是存在之内的创造。因此，存在本身是永恒的，没有开始也没有结束。它只是存在。它只是现在。但是，再次，用一个适用于你们的时空框架的比喻，想象一下，有一个唯一。

Existence，Existence.Existence only has one quality, to exist. Remember, time is subject to existence.Existence is not subject to time. Time is a creation within existence.Therefore, existence itself is timeless and has no beginning and no ending. It just is.It's just the now. But again, to use an analogy that works in your space-time framework, imagine this, that there is the one.

这个唯一，这个一切所是的唯一，但在我们称为这个唯一的状态下，没有开始。没有反射率。没有自我意识。它不知道自己。但是，因为它确实包含了一切，所以它也包含了它是什么的想法，我们可以说，无，可以说。因此，这就产生了第一次分离、第一个区别和第一次反射。然后当第一次反射突然发生时，从某种意义上说，从一个不知道自己的唯一，祂突然意识到了自己。第一次反射。而这个唯一意识到祂就是一切万有。

The one. That everything is. But in the state we call the one, there is no beginning.There's no reflectivity. There's no self-awareness. It doesn't know itself. But because it does contain everything, it also contains the idea of that which it is, shall we say, not, so to speak.Thus, then, that creates the first separation, the first difference, the first reflection.And as that first reflection explodes, in a sense, from the one that doesn't know itself, it suddenly knows itself.The first reflection. And the one becomes aware that it is all that is.

图片
而这也是，在这个层面上，也是这种扩展、爆炸背后的原因。但这个唯一不受它的约束。爆炸只发生在一切万有的角度，祂承认自己就是那个唯一，祂知道自己就是那个唯一，祂具有反射，祂看到了区别。但这个唯一看不出有什么不同。唯一只是唯一，不知道祂自己。因此，唯一中没有大爆炸。唯一就是存在本身，纯粹而简单。而大爆炸发生了，从某种意义上说，当唯一突然变成了一切万有，知道自己就是一切万有，并反射了自己可能是的一切。

And that is also, on that level, what is behind that expansion, behind that explosion.But the one is not subject to it. The explosion only happens from the perspective of all that is, which recognizes itself as the one, which knows itself as the one, which has the reflection, which sees a difference.But the one sees no difference. The one is just the one and doesn't know itself. And so there is no big bang in the one.The one is just existence itself, pure and simple. And the big bang happened, in a sense, when the one suddenly became all that is and knew itself as all that is and had a reflection of itself as everything that could possibly be.

问：这是什么触发的，还是它自己发生的？

Is anything triggered this or it happened by itself?

巴夏：认识自己是触发它的原因。但同样，你是从线性时空框架内说话。这里没有时间。唯一之内没有时间。并且唯一之内没有触发。所以记住，这不是这个或那个。这是这个和那个。在被触发的事物和有开始和结束的事物的概念中，超越并包含这一点的就只是存在。那些想法对于所指向的这个唯一根本不适用。因此，触发可以在唯一内部发生，但唯一不能被触发，它只是存在。它不知道别的东西。它不受开始和结束的影响，除了它之外什么都没有。没有开始，没有结束。这些概念并不适用于存在。它们不适用于那个一。它们只存在于这个唯一之内。

The recognition is what triggered it. But again, you're speaking from within a linear space-time framework.There is no time. There is no time in the one. And no triggering in the one.So remember, it's not this or that. It's this and that. Within the idea of things that get triggered and things that have beginnings and endings, overriding that and containing that is simply existence.The one to which those ideas simply don't apply.So triggering can occur within the one, but the one cannot be triggered, it just is.It doesn't know anything else. It's not subject to beginnings and endings. There's nothing outside of it.No beginning, no ending. Those concepts don't apply to existence. They don't apply to the one.They only exist within the one.

问：根据你所知道的，是银河系还是。。。

And to your knowledge, is the galaxy or...

巴夏：你们的银河系？

Your galaxy?

问：我们可以说它的更大方面，无论你怎么称呼它，它是在膨胀还是收缩，整个宇宙正在发生什么？

We can say the bigger aspect of it, whatever you want to call it, is it expanding or shrinking, what's happening about the whole universe?

巴夏：你知道你们的宇宙正在膨胀，但那只是你们的宇宙。

You know your universe is expanding, but that's just your universe. 

问：其他宇宙呢？

How about others?

巴夏：还有一些宇宙正在扩展，还有一些宇宙正在收缩，还有一些是静止的。

There are others that are expanding, there are others that are shrinking, there are others that are static.

问：这些宇宙是在平行世界里，你们的时刻里，还是在同一个时间里。。。我们所认为的或。。。

And are these in parallel worlds, your minutes, or in the same... What we think or...

巴夏：你会认为它们是平行的现实。

You would consider them to be parallel realities.

问：平行现实，明白了。

Parallel realities, got it.

巴夏：这对你有帮助吗？

Does that help you?

问：是的，有道理，谢谢。

Yeah, makes sense. Thank you.


图片


