巴夏：巨石建筑物
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月21日 06:02 辽宁
前言

这是一个由立石和过梁组成的螺旋形结构，充当通往其他维度的门户和门道。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2022年9月24日

问：你说过古代金字塔的设计是为了帮助人们进行星体投射。所以巨石建筑物在其他星球上仍在使用吗？你能描述一下爱莎莎妮人所知的一个更突出的外星巨石建筑物吗？

You've said that the ancient pyramids were designed to assist people in astral projection.So are megalithic structures still in use on other worlds?Can you describe one of the more prominent ET megaliths known by the Asasani?

巴夏：这个想法是，这是一些古代金字塔的功能之一，而不是全部。这是辅助星体投射的功能之一，而不是唯一的功能。我们实际上已经向你们展示了我们星球上存在的一个叫做沙多克的巨石建筑物的描述。

The idea is that that's one of the functions of some of the ancient pyramids, not all of them.It's one of the functions, not the only one, to assist in the idea of astral projection. We've actually shown you a depiction of a megalithic structure that exists on our planet called the Shadok.

这是一个由立石和过梁组成的螺旋形结构，充当通往其他维度的门户和门道。所以如果你愿意。。。你可以在拍摄的纪录片《第一次接触》中看到这张图片，也可以从该纪录片中提供并提取一张图片，与大家分享。

It's a spiral formation of standing stones and lintels that acts as a gateway and a doorway to other dimensions.So if you wish... You can see this image either in the documentary that was done, First Contact, or an image can be provided and extracted from that documentary that can be shared with all of you.

图片

它被称为沙多克，它是一个古老的巨石构造，建在地形中，从地形雕刻成螺旋结构，可以适应星球上的不同维度或位置。这是我们世界上的一座古老建筑。

It is called the Shadok, and it is an ancient megalithic structure that is built into the landscape, carved from the landscape into a spiral structure that tunes into various dimensions or locations on the planet.It is an ancient structure on our world. 

问：就地球上的建筑物而言，我想到的任何东西都是。。。当你面对这个建筑物时，它在某种意义上具有变革性吗？

And as far as structures here on Earth, anything come to mind as being...Is it in a sense transformative when you're in the presence of the structure?

巴夏：它可以是。这取决于频率以及你愿意与之对齐的频率。你们星球上的许多古老的巨石建筑物和寺庙，特别是那些包含金字塔和某些其他类型寺庙的建筑，这些建筑在你们的历史中很久以前就已经建成，它们有能力输送你们的意识，将你们的意识和注意力转移到其他维度，并与你们自己的意识的其他层面和层次以及属于其他类型的跨维度存有的其他意识层次建立连接。

It can be. It depends upon the frequencies and what it is you are willing to align with. Many of the ancient megalithic structures and temples on your planet.Especially those that contain pyramids and certain kinds of other temples, that were built long ago in your history, have the ability to transport your consciousness and shift your consciousness and focus into other dimensionalities and make connections to other layers and levels of not only your own consciousness, but other levels of consciousness belonging to other kinds of interdimensional beings as well.

图片

问：你能描述一下为什么这些巨大的建筑物，当你站在它们旁边时，为什么它们会影响我们吗？

Can you describe why it is these very large structures, when you're standing next to them, why they impact us?

巴夏：因为它们会发出特定的频率，特定的共振。从某种意义上说，这就像拿世界的一部分，从字面上看，就是地球的材料，石头，并理解每一种独特的石质结构和每种独特的石材都具有一定的频率。

Because they give off certain frequencies, certain resonances that are designed to do that.In a sense, it's like taking parts of the world, literally the material of the Earth, the stone, and understanding that each unique stone structure and each unique stone material has certain frequencies.

所以这就像一场石头上的音乐会。这就像是将这些不同的频率组合在一起以产生某种效果。

So it's like a concert in stone. It's like an orchestration of those different frequencies coming together to create a certain effect.

问：是啊，这非常令人兴奋了。所以对我们来说，它几乎就像一个电话系统，就建在地球上，我们可以收听并访问更高的频率。

Yeah, that's very exciting. So it's almost like a telephone system for us, just built right into the Earth, that we can tune into and access the higher frequencies.

巴夏：是的，并且它是用地球建造的。

Yes, and built out of the Earth.

