巴夏：惰性气体等离子体
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月28日 06:00 辽宁
前言
如果你有一个蛋形的容器，一个圆环。可以说，它充满了惰性气体等离子体，并且容器是铝、硼、钕、镍、铜的合金。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2019年6月22日
问：好的。那么，你能告诉我什么事情吗，你能给我一个关于旋转惰性气体等离子体的提示吗？
Okay. So, can you tell me anything, can you give me a hint about spinning noble gas plasma?
巴夏：我可以用各种方式谈论旋转惰性气体等离子体，但给一个提示是基于什么，用于何种用途？因为旋转惰性气体等离子体有很多用途。
I can talk about spinning noble gas plasma in a variety of ways, but a hint based on what and for what purpose?Because there are many purposes to spinning noble gas plasmas.
问：用于任何一个A，提取能量B，从氩气、氦气、氖气、氪气或氙气中诱导疗愈效果。
For either A, extracting energy, B, inducing healing effects from, say, argon, helium, neon, krypton, or xenon.
巴夏：我明白你在说什么，但我熟悉的技术超出了你们的技术。你们实际上没有技术来做我能描述给你们的事情。
I understand what you're saying, but the technology that I'm familiar with would be beyond your technology.You actually don't have the technology to do what I could describe to you.
图片
问：好吧，无论如何，描述一下，拜托了。
Well, describe it anyway, please.
巴夏：好吧。如果你有一个蛋形的容器，一个圆环。可以说，它充满了惰性气体等离子体，并且容器是铝、硼、钕、镍、铜的合金。在悬浮有双层石墨烯的纳米玻璃基质中，并且你引入了与你之前谈论的感应电流相同的感应电流，但在一个非常非常强力的电平上。你将在环面周围创造一个辐射场，一个电磁场，根据你将会包含在那个圆环的其他东西，它可以产生许多不同类型的影响，从而在多个频率下将能量转化为多种用途。你能造一个这样的吗？
All right. If you have a ovoid container, a torus, as it were, filled with noble gas plasma, and the container is an alloy of aluminum，boron, neodymium, nickel, copper.In a nanoglass matrix suspended with double layer graphene, and you introduce the same kind of induction current that you were talking about before, but on a much, much powerful level.You will create a radiant field, an electromagnetic field around the torus that can have many different kinds of effects depending upon other things that you would contain that torus in that would translate that energy for multiple purposes at multiple frequencies.Can you build one of those?
问：我们可以非常接近这个装置。
We can get pretty close to that.
巴夏：让我们看看。
Let's see.
问：好吧，我的意思是，这需要一段时间来这样做。
Well, I mean, it will take a while to do that.
巴夏：是的，我知道。这就是我正在说的。
Yes, I know. That's what I was saying.
问：但我早些时候向这个管道达里尔展示的东西，是某种朝着那个方向发展的东西。它是一种含有铜和镍层的纳米材料。
But the thing that I showed the channel, Darrell, earlier, is something of sort in that direction.It's a nanomaterial with layers of copper and nickel.
图片

巴夏：是的，我们明白。但这与我们刚才描述的相去甚远。
Yes, we understand. But it's nothing close to what we just described.
问：它可以注入石墨烯，我们正在研究石墨烯，顺便说一句，还有玻璃。
It can be infused with graphene, and we're working with graphene, by the way. And glass.
巴夏：告诉我当你们到达纳米玻璃。
Tell me when you get to the nanoglass.
问：纳米玻璃？你的意思是？你是说像20纳米这样的小玻璃珠吗？
By nanoglass? What do you mean?Do you mean little beads of glass, like 20 nanometers?
巴夏：我们的意思是，纳米技术是由一种玻璃制成的，这种玻璃可以改变形状，可以吸收特定数量和特定共振的能量，用于特定目的。并根据需要实时变换，以处理你们产生的能量场中的波动。
We mean that it is nanotechnology that is made of a type of glass that can change form and can absorb energies of certain quantities and certain resonances for specific purposes.And shift as it needs to in real time to handle the fluctuations going on in the energy fields that you generate.
问：真吸引人。
Fascinating.
巴夏：这是一种新的抑制形式。实时抑制的响应。
It's a new form of containment.A response of real-time containment.
问：抑制什么？
Containment of what?
巴夏：等离子体的抑制。
Of the plasma.
问：好的，我明白了，非常感谢你。
Okay. I see.Thank you very much.
巴夏：不客气。
You're welcome.