巴夏：水晶头骨在哪里
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月18日 06:00 辽宁
前言
安哥拉。有一个。中国有另一个。具体来说，在西藏。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
               传讯时间：2019年4月20日
问：你知道，我也，你知道，在13个头骨中，有几个非常强大和重要的头骨现在在地球上引导着人们。我们正在走到一起。但我也听说，去年7月，在埃及打开了一个房间。据说在那里发现了13个水晶头骨中的一个。他们还没有告诉任何人这件事，但这有可能吗？
You know, I've also, you know, of the 13 skulls, there's several very powerful and important skulls that are on the planet now that are guiding people.And we're coming together. Yes. But also I heard that in July of last year there was a chamber opened in Egypt.And supposedly there was one of the 13 skulls was found there.They haven't told anybody about it, but is that a possibility or not? 

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：我也是这么认为的。是的。它会出现在人们知道的地方吗或者它？无论谁发现了它，他们都会保管好它吗？

That's what I thought. Yes. Is it going to come out where people will know or did it, whoever found it, are they keeping it safe?

巴夏：最终会，但不是以你可能认为的方式。

Eventually, but not in the way that you might think. 

问：让我们看看。我听说在夏威夷有一个，一个岛屿，一个只有夏威夷人才能进入的偏远岛屿，在其中一个房间里，火山岩室里，那里有13个头骨中的一个头骨。这是一个红色的头骨。据说这个头骨有这个名字，我要告诉你，它可能不正确，所以这就是我要告诉你的原因，但他们有佩勒的名字，这就是他们得到的，它获得了所有岛屿的力量。这就是我所听到和相信的。

Let's see.I heard that in Hawaii there's a, one of the islands, one of the far islands where only, the Hawaiians are allowed, in one of the chambers, volcanic chambers, there's a skull there of one of the 13.And it's a red skull. And supposedly this skull has the name, and I'm going to tell you, and it may not be right, so that's why I'm, but they have the name of Pele, and that's where they get, it gets the power that goes to all the islands.That's what I heard and believe. 

巴夏：佩勒。

Pele.

问：夏威夷神佩勒，是的。

The Hawaiian god Pele, yeah.

图片
巴夏：对。是的，那里有一个红色的水晶头骨。

Yes. Yes, there is a red skull. 

问：现在，关于宇宙的知识被认为已经灌输到了这些头骨中，如果我们使用正确的频率，或者，我不知道是声音还是光，或者我们是如何获取知识的。

Now, is the knowledge of the universe is supposedly imbued into these skulls, and if we come with the right frequency or, I don't know if it's sound or light or how we get the knowledge out.

巴夏：嗯，它可以是，正如我们所说，振动声音，但是关于宇宙的知识在任何时间、任何地点都是可以获得的。水晶头骨，然而，体现了意识许可的想法，这可能会使你更容易基于你的意识原型结构中创建的仪式来访问。所以即使信息可以在任何地方访问，但它体现了访问这些信息的能力，这可能会使它更容易。以这种方式，这是一个意识许可。这对你来说有道理吗？

Well, it can be, as we said, vibrational sound, but the knowledge of the universe is accessible anywhere at any time, any point.The skull, however, embodies the idea of a permission slip that might make it easier to access based on the rituals that are created in the archetypal structures of your consciousness.So even though information is accessible anywhere, it's the embodiment of the ability to access that information that might make it easier.It's a permission slip in that way. Does that make sense to you? 

问：是的，这有道理，谢谢。在关于周围的13个头骨上，以及其中一些像SHA NA RA这样的主要头骨，还有其他不同的头骨，我只是想知道，在不久的将来，还会在哪里发现更多的头骨？有没有什么地方，你知道？

Yes, it does. Thank you.And on the 13 skulls that are around, and some of the ones that, major skulls like SHA NA RA, and the different ones, I was just wondering, where are there some more skulls that are going to be found in the near future?And is there someplace, you know? 

图片
巴夏：安哥拉。有一个。中国有另一个。具体来说，在西藏。还有一个在北欧的。其他可能仍在美洲可以找到。那里还有一个，虽然对你来说在南极洲找到它可能有点挑战。

Angola.Is one. China is another. Specifically, Tibet.There is also a northern European one. Others may still be found in the Americas.And there is one still, though it may be a little challenging for you to find in Antarctica.

问：是 啊。嗯，我听说海底有金字塔，在比米尼地区，我，你知道，我想知道是否会有一个...我一直觉得海底埋着一个水晶头骨。

Yeah. Hmm. I heard something about pyramids under the sea off of, in the area of Bimini, and I, you know, I wonder if there'd be one...I always felt that there was a crystal skull buried under the sea. 

巴夏：你说的是主头骨。零号头骨。因为那是古代亚特兰蒂斯的中心所在地，在巴哈马群岛。在佛罗里达州的部分地区，在你们现在所说的古巴和波多黎各的部分地区里，帝国从那里延伸到很远很远的地方，但那是该地区的中心所在地。当海平面低得多时，你可以看到在海平面上升并淹没亚特兰蒂斯群岛的中央系统之前，那里有更大的陆地。你认为为什么会有一个百慕大三角？

You are talking about the master skull.The zero skull. For that is the central seat of ancient Atlantis, is in the Bahaman Islands.In parts of Florida, in parts of what you now call Cuba and Puerto Rico, the empire stretched far and wide from there, but that was the central seat in that area.When the ocean level was much lower, you can see the larger land mass that was there before the oceans rose and inundated the central system of the Atlantean Islands.Why do you think there is a Bermuda Triangle? 

问：是的，这就是我的感受。那里一定，为此那一定是发电厂，不是吗？那是发电厂吗？

Yeah, that's what I felt.There must, that must be the powerhouse for that, isn't it? Is that the powerhouse? 

巴夏：零号头骨在该区域存在的自然门户中引起了巨大的跨维度波动。它不是发电厂。门户是自然的。但零号头骨会影响它。以一种非常特殊的方式，它允许它在这一点上以不可预测的方式在维度间不断移动，因为它不再聚焦。这就像，好吧，我就用这个你们大多数人都能理解的特定委婉语。这有点像有人把火炉开着。但没有人可以再把它关掉或正确地聚焦它。所以它还在运行，可以说。通过与门户相互作用，但以不受控制的方式。

The zero skull creates, in the natural portal that exists in that area, massive interdimensional fluctuations.It's not the powerhouse. The portal is natural. But the zero skull affects it. In a very specific way that allows it to keep shifting interdimensionally in unpredictable ways at this point, because it is no longer focused.It's like, well, I'll just use this particular euphemism that most of you will understand.It's sort of like somebody left the stove on. But no one has access to turn it off anymore or to focus it properly.So it's still running, so to speak. By interacting with the portal, but in an uncontrolled manner.

图片
问：我们有办法去为此寻找吗？

Is there a way for us to go searching for that? 

巴夏：当然有。你们有深海潜水器。你们很可能会在45度线上的某个地方找到零号头骨。在比米尼和哈瓦那之间。沿着这条纬度线的某个地方。由于能量的波动，我们无法更精确地确定它。但在45度线的某个地方。它也可能将你所说的佛罗里达州的尖端一分为二。但沿着这条线。这会是你最有可能找到的搜索参数。

Of course there is.You have deep sea diving vehicles. You will most likely find the zero skull somewhere in a line at 45 degrees.Between Bimini and Havana.Somewhere along that line. We cannot pinpoint it any more precisely because of the fluctuations in energy.But somewhere along that 45 degree line. It might slightly bisect the tip of what you call Florida as well.But along that line. Would be your most likely probable search parameter.

问：我听说当时他们正在美国和古巴之间进行一些水下的军事工作。可能是在古巴危机期间，他们在海底发现了一座巨大的城市。

I heard that when they were doing some underwater military work between the United States and Cuba.Probably the time of the Cuban crisis that they found a vast city under the sea there.

巴夏：他们发现了残余部分。就这样。

They found remnants. That's all.

问：残余部分。对。

Remnants. Yes. 

巴夏：但他们读取了能量波动的读数。不知道那是什么，正在寻找来源，但从未找到，因为波动太大，当时你们的设备太落后了。无意冒犯。

But they took readings of the energy fluctuations.Did not understand what it was were searching for the source, but never found it because the fluctuations were too wild and at the time your equipment too primitive.No offense. 

问：我知道比米尼岛就在几英里外，当那里有飓风时。有金字塔从海里冒出来，它们通常只在那里出现很短的时间，然后沙子又把它们盖住了。那是一个非常强大的特殊地方吗？

I know off of Bimini Island just a few miles off when there's a hurricane.There's pyramids that come out of the sea and they're usually only there for a short period of time and then the sand covers them up again.Is that a very powerful special place? 

图片
巴夏：我们不被允许对那个特定地点发表评论。

We're not allowed to comment on that particular location. 

问：好的。嗯，非常感谢你的帮助。非常感谢。

Okay.Uh, your help has been very much appreciated. Thank you so much. 

巴夏：谢谢。

Thank you.


图片