巴夏：水晶头骨的连接
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月12日 06:00 辽宁
前言
不仅与13的议会和由它振动创造的其他头骨有连接。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2019年4月20日
巴夏：好的，让我们使用以下信息继续这次传讯。来自亚特兰蒂斯的主头骨，正如我们所说的，在这个头骨上被复制了。然后又创造了12个，以创造13个，13的议会的每位成员一个。然而主头骨被简单地认为是零号头骨。但每一个13议会的头骨，包括这个头骨在内，都被赋予了一个名字。以玛雅万神殿的13位神明命名。
All right, so let us continue this transmission with the following information.The Master Skull from Atlantis, as we have said, was duplicated in this skull.And then 12 more after that were created to create the 13, one for each member of the Council of 13.Whereas the Master is simply considered the Zero Skull. But each of the 13, including this skull, was given a name.A name after the 13 gods of the Maya Pantheon.
这个头骨，今天在这里，就是古柯曼提斯。这就是它的名字。你发现这很有趣。Cucumatz这个名字也可以翻译成你可能听说过的其他名字。奎兹尔科亚特尔和库库尔坎，羽蛇神。所以因为这个头骨是主要的复制品，这里有一个直接的连接。不仅与13的议会和由它振动创造的其他头骨有连接。而且也与外星起源有连接。记住，正如我们所说，玛雅人实际上是一个外星类人型种族的后代，这个种族在你们的世界上生活了相当长的一段时间。
This skull, here today, is Cucumatz.That is its name. You find that amusing. Cucumatz is the name that also translates to other names you have probably heard.Quetzalcoatl and Kukulkan, the Feathered Serpent. So there is a direct connection for this skull being the primary duplicate.Not only to the Council of 13, and the other skulls that were created vibrationally from it.But also to extraterrestrial sources. For remember, as we have said, the Maya are actually descendants of an extraterrestrial humanoid race that was on your world for quite some time.
图片
他们中的大多数人都是在你们历史上的某个时刻离开的。但许多人留了下来，创造了你们现在所知道的玛雅文明。这些头骨在以13位创世神被命名之后，是创造的不同方面。不同的原型，在他们的理解中，在他们与恒星和宇宙的关系中。所以，现在坐在你们面前的奎兹尔科亚特尔、库库尔坎、古柯曼提斯与外星能量有着非常非常强烈的连接，这也是我们今天同步进行这个传讯的原因之一。如果你们现在想按照你们的安排继续提问，请在这个时候这样做。
Most of them left at a point in your history. But many remained, creating what you now know to be the Maya Civilization.The 13 creator gods, after which the skulls were named, are different aspects of creation.Different archetypes, in their understanding, in their relationship to the stars, to the cosmos.So, Quetzalcoatl, Kukulkan, Cucumatz, that sits before you now, has a very, very strong connection to extraterrestrial energies, which is one of the reasons why, synchronistically, we are conducting this transmission together today.If you wish now to continue with your questions as you've arranged it, please do so at this time.