巴夏：水晶存储信息
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月09日 06:00 辽宁
前言
他们存储信息是因为矩阵，他们内部分子和原子排列模式的分子矩阵。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
             传讯时间：2019年4月20日
问：大约一年半前，我在秘鲁。我参观了那里的许多古代遗址，并在其中一些圣地做了一些调色——除了花岗岩和不同类型的石头的小壁龛外，我不知道该怎么形容它。
I was in Peru about a year and a half ago. Oh, all right. I visited many of the ancient sites there and did some toning at some of these sacred sites with the – I don't know how to describe it other than there's little alcoves of granite and different types of stone.
巴夏：好的。嗯，这是一个相当不错的描述。
All right. Well, that's a pretty good description.
问：我想知道，你能不能再详细解释一下水晶和石头是如何存储信息的。因为因为我会毫无目的地进入那里，除了对任何能量、知识或经验持开放态度外。
All right. Well, that's a pretty good description. I'm wondering how – can you maybe expound a little more on how crystals and stones store information.Because I would go into there without any intention other than being open to whatever energy or knowledge or experience.
图片
巴夏：好的，嗯，这是一个目的。这个想法，再一次，是你愿意允许意识许可、水晶、洞穴。以一种方式产生共鸣，向你灌输他们存储在分子矩阵中的任何信息，这些信息是你希望接收的，你愿意接收的，在那一刻会为你服务的。他们存储信息是因为矩阵，他们内部分子和原子排列模式的分子矩阵。这是一种光如何穿过晶体的信息存储的表示。
All right. Well, that's an intention.The idea, again, is you're willing to allow the permission slip, the crystals, the chambers.To resonate in such a way as to imbue to you whatever information they have stored in their molecular matrix that you wish to receive, that you're open to receiving, that would serve you at that moment.They store information because of the matrix, their molecular matrix of how the pattern of molecules and atoms within them is arranged.That is a representation of information storage in terms of how light courses through the crystal.
问：声音对此有什么帮助，对传输？
And how does sound help with that, with the transmission?
巴夏：它可以通过敲击正确的音符、敲击正确的模式、敲击正确的和弦键来释放信息的想法。它实际上可以通过振动分子矩阵来释放信息，从而让信息从中出来。
It can release the idea of the information by hitting the right note, hitting the right pattern, hitting the right chord key.It can actually release the information by vibrating the molecular matrix in such a way as to allow the information to come out of it.
问：共振。
Resonance.
巴夏：共振，是的，达到正确的共振将使信息得以揭示。
Resonance, yes.Hitting the right resonance will allow the information to be revealed.
图片
问：下一个我想问的事情...
The next thing I want to...
巴夏：等一下。管道再次连接。在亚特兰蒂斯时代，13的议会会围着主头骨坐成一圈，他们会歌颂。他们会对着它吟唱。藏语吟唱的想法是一种传承，一种通过吟唱使用振动共振从头骨中释放信息的想法的记忆。多么同步。所以在吟唱中，这种共振和振动可以释放存储在晶体结构中的信息。
One moment. Piping up again.In Atlantean times, the council of 13 would sit in a circle around the master skull and they would sing.They would chant to it. The idea of tibetan chants is a hand-me-down, a memory of the idea of using vibrational resonance through chanting to release information from the skull.How synchronous. So in chanting, that resonance, that vibration can release information that is stored within crystalline structures.
