巴夏：波斯尼亚金字塔
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月03日 22:11 辽宁
前言

波斯尼亚金字塔是一个与平行现实紧密相连的漩涡。

波斯尼亚金字塔

位于欧洲波斯尼亚维索科附近的一群角砾岩山，其中一座山丘名为维索西卡山，考古学家奥斯曼纳季奇认为这座山是古代金字塔。若他的研究属实，这里便是地球上最早也最大的金字塔之一。

图片

                               译者：阿奎亚 Aquia


                    传讯时间：2023年9月10日

问：你好

Hello

巴夏：你也是，你好

and to you，good day

问：凯文来自德国。我是伯纳德，他的翻译，也是问题的收集者。

Kevin from Germany.And I'm Bernard, his translator and also the collector of the questions. 

所以既然我们在塞多纳，关于塞多纳的漩涡，关于贝尔岩，它的最强点在哪里，或者漩涡总共有多大？

So, since we are in Sedona, about the vortex in Sedona, about Bell Rock, where is it the strongest point or how big is the vortex in total?

巴夏：贝尔岩是中心，也是最强点。

Bell Rock is the center and the strongest point.

问：所以这是中心，上面的圆形点是主要的能量点，还是怎么回事？

So this is the center and the round spots on it are the main energy points or it doesn't matter?

巴夏：漩涡覆盖了整个区域。可以如果你在塞多纳附近的任何地方，你都在漩涡中，但中心是贝尔岩。

The vortex encompasses the entire area. Okay. If you are anywhere near Sedona, you are in the vortex, but the center is Bell Rock.

问：好的，所以塞多纳这整个区域都是漩涡?

Okay. So the area is whole Sedona of the vortex.

巴夏：重复一遍

Repeat. 

问：整个塞多纳市区都是漩涡，而这就是中心。

That the whole Sedona city area is the vortex and this is the center.

巴夏：在漩涡里，是的。它远远超出了城市的范围。

Is in the vortex, yes.It extends way beyond the city limits.

问：很高兴听到，对吧？关于这一点，我还参观了波斯尼亚和波斯尼亚金字塔。那里的漩涡是什么？它也相连吗？

Good to hear, right?And on this point, I also visited Bosnia and the Bosnian pyramids. What is the vortex there and is it also connected?

巴夏：波斯尼亚金字塔有点不同。这是一个与平行现实紧密相连的漩涡。

The Bosnian pyramid is a little bit different. It is a vortex that connects to parallel realities very strongly.

在地球的另一个版本中，有一些存有，像你们一样的人，在他们的现实中也有他们自己版本的金字塔。

And there are beings, people like yourselves in alternate versions of earth that have their own version of that pyramid in their reality too.

他们中的许多人现在比你们的文化更先进一点，他们中的一些人实际上正在调查波斯尼亚金字塔中的隧道。

Many of them are a little bit more advanced than your culture is at this point and some of them actually are investigating the tunnels in the Bosnian pyramid.

图片

并从你们的现实和其他现实中观察到像你们这样的人也在调查它。

and observing that beings such as yourselves from your reality and other realities are also investigating it.

他们还没有暴露自己，但他们能感觉到你们所有人。他们有技术做到这一点。

They're not revealing themselves yet, but they can sense all of you. They have the technology to do that.

总有一天，不同的平行现实将在波斯尼亚金字塔的隧道内相遇。

and one day an encounter will take place within the tunnels in that Bosnian pyramid between different parallel realities.

问：好棒。是的，我已经看到了存有的形状，但这是一种双向的相遇，就像两个平行的现实在未来会相遇一样。

巴夏：是的

Yes.

问：好兴奋！

Exciting.

巴夏：是的

Yes.

问：波斯尼亚也有石球。你能谈谈它们吗，它们的用途频率是多少，或者我们现在如何利用它们？

And there are also stone spheres in Bosnia. Can you say a little bit about them, what frequency they do a purpose or how can we utilize them now?

巴夏：它们代表着与行星、不同恒星系统的振动连接。

They represent connections vibrationally to the planets, different star systems.

问：所以每一个石球都像一颗恒星或者…

So every stone sphere represents like a star or… 

巴夏：一个恒星系统，是的。一个恒星系统中的行星，一个星系中的文明。

A star system, yes. A planet in a star system, a civilization in a star system.

问：每一个石球都代表着一个行星，然后它基本上分布在周围。我理解得对吗？

Every single sphere represents like one planet and then it's like spread around basically then.Do I understand this right?

巴夏：重复一遍。

Repeat.

问：每一个石球都代表着一颗行星或一颗恒星，并且分布在周围。

That every stone sphere represents a planet or a star and it's spread around.

巴夏：是的，你们有振动连接，与不同恒星系统中不同文明的交流连接。

Yes, you have vibrational connections, communication connections to different civilizations in different star systems.

图片

问：是的，关于这个Aum，或者有人说它是带A的Aum，还有人说……

Yes, and about this Aum or some say it's Aum with A or some say…

巴夏：你怎么拼写无所谓。

 It doesn't matter how you spell it.

问：好吧，我只是想问你是否可以为我们重复几次。

Okay, I just wanted to ask if you maybe can repeat it a few times for us.

巴夏：欧姆。。。

OM.....

足够吗？

Sufficient?

问：谢谢。还有一个有趣的问题。我们以后也会有混血小孩吗？

Thank you and another funny question. Will we have later also kids with the hybrids?

巴夏：最终，是的。这就是你们成为第六个混血种族的方式。

Eventually, yes. This is how you become the sixth hybrid race.

问：非常兴奋

Very exciting. 

巴夏：是的。在你们的一千年里，所有六个混血种族都将开始相融，成为第七个混血种族——阿努海特。

Yes. All six hybrid races in a thousand years of your time will then begin to merge to become the Anuhet, the seventh hybrid race.

问：然后。。。

And...

巴夏：我以为这是你最后一个问题

I thought that was your last question. 

问：所以是不是最后一个？

So is it or not?

巴夏：你告诉我们

You tell us.

问：你告诉我们，塞多纳附近还有其他有趣的旋涡吗？

Are there any other interesting vortices near Sedona?

巴夏：我已经告诉过你关于隆起圆丘的事了。好吧。这将是我们今天需要提及的全部内容。

I already told you about Upheaval Dome. Okay. That will be all that we need to mention today.

问：好吧，那么谢谢你。

Okay. Then, thank you. 

巴夏：不客气。

Thank you.

