巴夏：瞬移的原理
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月03日 06:02 辽宁
前言

这就是我们的飞船如何从一颗恒星到另一颗恒星的旅行方式。我们已经隔离了这艘飞船，将其从任何特定的宇宙现实中解锁。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2024年9月15日

问：这个问题与传送有关。问题是，你能描述一个实验，来看看重力和电磁是相关的吗？

The question has to do with teleportation.And the question is, can you describe an experiment to see gravity and electromagnetism as related?

巴夏：是的。我们已经给了你们那个实验。我们将再次简要地描述它。它是指存在于一个特定位置的物体不是在某个位置上的物体。这个位置存在于物体中。每个物体都可以被视为一个能量方程。

Yes. We have already given you that experiment. We'll describe it again briefly. It is the idea that objects that exist in a particular location are not objects in a location.The location exists in the object. Every object can be considered an energy equation.

能量方程中的一个变量是表示其在时空中位置的变量。如果你改变时空位置变量的频率，你实际上改变了物体在空间和时间中的位置。这就是我们的飞船如何从一颗恒星到另一颗恒星的旅行方式。我们已经隔离了这艘飞船，将其从任何特定的宇宙现实中解锁。

And one of the variables in that energy equation is the variable that represents its location in space-time.If you change that space-time locational variable frequency, you actually change the location of the object in space and time.That's how our ships travel from star to star. We have isolated the ship, unlocked it from any particular universal reality.

处于一种不确定的状态。然后我们施加代表我们想要去的位置的频率的振动频率。飞船必须在第一个位置停止存在，并在第二个位置自动地开始存在，而无需在两者之间行驶。因为一切都是全息的，就在此时此地。我们所做的只是改变视角，改变飞船及其船员在时空中的位置变量的观察角度，这是一种幻觉。这有道理吗？

In a limbo state. And then we impose the vibrational frequency that represents the frequency of the location we wish to go to.And the ship must stop existing at the first location and automatically start existing at the second location without traveling in between.Because everything holographically is here and now. And all we're doing is changing the perspective, the angle of observation of the locational variable of that ship and its crew in space-time which is an illusion. Is this making some sense?

图片

问：对我没有，但希望对来说他有。

Not to me, but hopefully to him.

巴夏：好吧。但这将重力、电磁学等概念联系起来。我会换一种说法。想象一下斐波那契螺旋。你熟悉吗？

All right. But this connects the idea of gravity and electromagnetism and so on and so forth.I'll put it another way. Imagine a Fibonacci spiral. Are you familiar with that?

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：好的。所以想象一个反斐波那契螺旋向另一个方向移动，并与第一个螺旋重叠。你能想象吗？

All right. So imagine a counter Fibonacci spiral going the other way and overlapping the first one.Can you imagine that? 

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：现在想象一下，我所描述的是一个简单的二维版本，实际上是非常多维的。所以它会朝着各个方向发展。但为了简单起见，想象一下双螺旋。好吗？

Now imagine that what I'm describing is a simple two-dimensional version of something that is actually very multidimensional.So it would go in all sorts of directions. But for simplicity's sake, just imagine that double spiral.All right? 

问：嗯。

巴夏：在某些地方，一个螺旋与另一个螺旋相交。对吗？

There are places where then the spiral, one spiral, crosses the other spiral.Correct? 

问：嗯。

巴夏：它之所以这样，是因为它在越来越远的距离上呈螺旋状。对吗？

And it does so because it is a spiral at farther and farther and farther distances.Correct?

问：你是对的。

You are. 

图片


巴夏：谢谢。所以我们称之为节点。好吗？

Thank you.So we call those nodal points.All right?

这些节点，取决于它们如何穿过另一个螺旋，以及有多少次交叉，实际上会产生不同的效应，你们称之为重力、电磁力、强核力、弱核力、暗物质、暗能量等等。

Those nodal points, depending upon exactly how they cross the other spiral and how many iterations of that crossing there are, actually create the different effects you call gravity, electromagnetism, strong nuclear force, weak nuclear force, dark matter, dark energy, so on and so forth.

正是这种特殊的结构可以解释你在物质宇宙中体验到的所有不同的所谓力量之间的关系，并通过将它们理解为包含意识场的基本概念的不同节点集中来展示它们之间的联系。

It is that particular structure that can explain the relationship between all the different so-called forces that you experience in your physical universe and show the connection between them all by understanding them as different concentrations of nodal points of a fundamental concept that contains a field of consciousness.

所以如果意识作为一个领域被允许进入生态系统。。。现在，相对最近，实际上已经创建了一个新的数学方程，它确实允许引力和量子力学相结合。这是正确的方向。但它仍然必须包含理解如何量化和创建新的数学表示或意识场的几何表示，一切都是从这个意识场中创造出来的。

So if consciousness as a field is allowed into the ecosystem... Now, relatively recently, there actually has been the creation of a new mathematical equation that does allow gravity and quantum mechanics to be combined.And that is the correct direction to go in. But it still must include the understanding of how to quantify and create new mathematical representations or geometric representations of the field of consciousness out of which everything is created. 

一旦你将其纳入你的方程式中，你就会理解这种关系。但从斐波那契双螺旋开始，你可以建立一个框架，在这个框架上，你可以更深入地理解所有这些相互关系的多维性质。这会有帮助吗？

And once you include that into your equations, you will understand the relationship. But starting with that Fibonacci double spiral can be a skeleton upon which you can build a deeper understanding of the multidimensional nature of all of those relationships to each other.Will that help? 

图片

问：某人有，是的。我头疼。

Somebody, yes. My brain hurts. 

巴夏：好吧。

All right. 

问：非常感谢你，巴夏。

Thank you so much, Bashar.

