巴夏：第二个月亮
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月07日 22:01 辽宁
前言

有一颗小行星在环绕地球的轨道上运行，从某种意义上说，它就像第二个非常小的月亮。

第二个月亮

近地天体 （NEO） （469219） Kamo?oalewa （暂定名称 2016 HO3）是地球上已知的五颗准卫星中最稳定的一颗，动态寿命为几百年1.作为一颗准卫星，卡莫瓦阿莱瓦的轨道非常像地球，半长轴距地球0.001天文单位以内，偏心率低，仅为~0.1，与黄道的适度倾角约为8度2它是航天器研究的一个经常提出的目标3,4,5.由于它以 ~1 年的轨道周期绕太阳运行，因此它相对于地球采用准卫星路径，也就是说，它以 ~1 年的周期绕地球逆行，但远远超出地球的希尔球6.对这类天体的研究始于（164207）2004 GU的初步发现97,8,9.由于观测几何形状具有挑战性和在近地空间的停留时间短，因此一直缺乏对准卫星群体的物理特性。独特的是，卡莫瓦莱瓦每年4月左右都适合观测一次，当它变得足够亮（视星等为V<23.0等）时，地球上的大型望远镜可以对其进行表征。这些定期的观测窗口允许继续研究，这与临时捕获的迷你月亮（如2020 CD）不同3在发现后不久的一次幻影中，需要专门的观察活动。

Near-Earth object (NEO) (469219) Kamo?oalewa (provisional designation 2016 HO3) is the most stable of the five known quasi-satellites of the Earth, with a dynamical lifetime of a few hundred years1. As a quasi-satellite, the orbit of Kamo?oalewa is very Earth-like, with semi-major axis within 0.001 au of Earth’s, a low eccentricity of just ~0.1, and a modest inclination of about 8 degrees to the ecliptic2 and it is a frequently proposed target for spacecraft study3,4,5. As it orbits the Sun with a ~1 year orbital period, it takes a quasi-satellite path relative to Earth, that is, it makes retrograde loops around Earth with a ~1 year period but well beyond Earth’s Hill sphere6. Study of this class of objects began with the initial discovery of (164207) 2004 GU97,8,9. Physical characterization of the quasi-satellite population has been lacking due to challenging observing geometry and short residence time in near-Earth space. Uniquely, Kamo?oalewa is favorably placed for observations once a year around April when it becomes bright enough (with visual magnitude V?<?23.0mag) to be characterized by large telescopes on Earth. These regular observing windows allow for continued study, unlike temporarily captured minimoons such as 2020 CD3 that require dedicated observing campaigns during a single apparition shortly after their discovery.

                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

            传讯时间：2024年7月27日

问：好的，谢谢。

Okay，thank you.

你能和我们分享一下月球及其与地球的关系，以及居住在月球上的任何实体吗？

Can you share with us a little bit about the moon and its relationship to Earth and any entities that inhabit it?

巴夏：月球是一个自然天体，是由于太阳系早期的另一个天体撞击地球，物质断裂后从地球上分离出来，变成了月球。

The moon is a natural body that was split off from the Earth due to an actual impact in the early solar system of another body that struck the Earth and material broke off and became the moon.

所以从这个意义上说，它是一个自然天体。然而，这个自然天体已经被外星人以各种方式改造了。

So it's a natural body in that sense. However, the natural body has been engineered by extraterrestrials in a variety of ways.

把它放在现在的轨道上，并且月球上有许多外星基地，如果这就是你所说的居民的话。

placed into its present orbit, and there are many extraterrestrial bases that exist on the moon, if that's what you're referring to as inhabitants.

月球上没有这种意义上的自然居民。

There are no natural inhabitants in that sense on the moon.

但是那里有许多外星人基地和地下基地都有外星人居住，他们因各种原因来来往往。

But there are many ET bases and underground bases that are inhabited by extraterrestrials.Who come and go for a variety of reasons.

所以这个想法是，月球在其轨道上以各种方式与地球保持能量平衡。

So, the idea is that energetically in its orbit the moon balances the Earth in a variety of ways.

代表与女性能量和平衡女性能量有关的某些振动频率和能量。

Represents certain vibrational frequencies and energies that have to do with feminine energy and the balancing of feminine energy.

不久前，我们谈到了地球将会捕获一颗小行星的概念，它在一定程度上代表了男性的能量，你们将会有两个月亮。

Some time ago, we talked about the idea that the Earth would capture an asteroid, and it would be somewhat representative of the male energy.And that you would have two moons. 

图片

好吧，如果你真的查一下，你会意识到这实际上已经发生了。

Well, if you actually look it up, you will realize that that has actually now happened.

有一颗小行星在环绕地球的轨道上运行，从某种意义上说，它就像第二个非常小的月亮。

There is an asteroid that is in orbit around the Earth in a sense as a second very small moon.

它代表了现在进入男性和女性能量平衡的想法，进入你的情绪和你的逻辑系统的平衡的想法。

And that represents the idea now of coming into the balance between masculine and feminine energy, of getting into the idea of the balance of your emotionality and your logic systems.

所以查一下，你会看到地球周围已经有一颗小行星形式的第二个月亮。

So, look it up. You will see that there is already a second moon around The Earth in the form of a small asteroid. 


图片









阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 