巴夏：自闭症的最高目的
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月27日 22:15 辽宁
前言

通常，一群自闭症儿童实际上代表了同一个超灵的不同延伸。

                    译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
                 传讯时间：2023年9月9日

问：所以我和自闭症儿童一起工作。

So I work with autistic children. 

巴夏：好吧。多么令人兴奋。

All right. How exciting. 

问：确实如此。我也知道，我的超灵在非言语体验中也有类似的平行现实。

It is.And I also know that my Oversoul also had parallel realities in nonverbal experiences similar.

巴夏：好吧。

All right. 

问：所以我一直认为他们有，你知道，灵性天赋，多维天赋。

So I have always seen that they have, you know, spiritual gifts, multidimensional gifts.

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：我现在正处于一个重新组合的空间，我正在寻找一些关于如何前进的见解。你有什么可以和我分享的吗？

I'm at a space right now where I'm regrouping, and I'm looking for some insights on how I can move forward.Is there anything you can share with me? 

巴夏：你在寻找什么？

You are looking for what?

 问：洞察力。

Insights.

巴夏：洞察力。好吧。这个想法是，一群自闭症儿童可以展示多种平行现实的体验。

Insights. All right. The idea is that a collection of autistic children can demonstrate multiple parallel reality experiences.

你可以开始把它们看作是一些平行现实的体验。这确实存在于其他维度和其他现实中。

You can begin to look at them as some of the parallel reality experiences. That do exist in other dimensions and other realities.

当你把他们聚集在一起，看看他们每个人都能给予什么，他们每个人在做什么时。

And when you bring them all together and look at what each of them has to give, what each of them is doing.

你就可以理解一个超灵在多个平行现实中的更大集体体验。通常，一群自闭症儿童实际上代表了同一个超灵的不同延伸。

you could understand the larger collective of an Oversoul's experience in multiple parallel realities.Often, a group of autistic children will actually represent different extensions from the same Oversoul.

问：好的。自闭症的最高目的是什么？

Okay. What is the highest purpose of autism? 

巴夏：是来教你，你正在连接到现实的多个平行维度，如果你只允许它们绽放，你就会拥有不同的能力。

to teach you that you are connecting to multiple parallel dimensions of reality and have different capabilities if you would only allow them to blossom.

这也是一种以不同方式进行学习交流的形式。

It is also a form of learning communication in a different way. 

图片

问：我明白了。接着聊新来的孩子。我知道他们的频率更高。他们以更高的频率进入。

I get that.Moving on to the new children. I know that they're higher frequency.They're coming in in a higher frequency.

 巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：我们看不到什么？这些新来的孩子对我们大多数人来说有什么看不到的？

What can we not see?What can most of us not see about these new children? 

巴夏：正如我们已经说过的，他们不仅仅是新一代。他们是一个新物种。他们的DNA比前几代人活跃得多。

As we have said, they're not just a new generation.They are a new species. Their DNA is far more active than the generations before them.

他们不会忘记自己是谁作为一个灵魂。

They will not forget who they are as a spirit. 

问：我们如何支持他们？

How can we support them?

巴夏：通过以一种让他们真实自我发光的方式教他们，用你的创造力和想象力。

By teaching them in ways that allow their true selves to shine forth by giving them, and with your creativity and imagination.

让他们在公众场合锻炼之前，以安全的方式理解他们在现实中做出的选择的后果。

exercises that allow them to understand the consequences of the choices they make in physical reality in a safe way before they actually exercise them out in public.

通过让他们根据课程调整自己的兴奋，而不是让课程适应他们的兴奋，即抑制他们学习的兴奋感。

By allowing them to adapt their excitement to the lesson rather than adapting the lesson to their excitement in the sense of suppressing their excitement to learn things.

让他们的兴奋教给他们你认为他们需要学习的课程。

allow their excitement to teach them the lessons that you believe they need to learn.

通过调整你创造性和富有想象力的授课方式，挖掘他们的兴奋，而不是抑制它。

By adapting your creative and imaginative ways of teaching them lessons, that mine their excitement rather than suppressing it.

也要通过教导他们，他们有能力吸引生活中需要的东西，而不必为了吸引而伤害自己或任何人。并且教他们兴奋公式。

Also by teaching them that they are as powerful as they need to be to attract what they need in life without having to harm themselves or anyone else in order to attract that.And teach them the formula.

问：好吧。我很感激。非常感谢你，巴夏。

 All righty then. I appreciate it.Thank you very much,Bashar.

巴夏：这听起来像是一项太大的工作吗？

Does that sound like too big of a job? 

这听起来像是一项太大的工作吗？

Does that sound like too big of a job? 

问：是的，这是一项相当大的工作。如果你是这么说的。

That's a pretty big job, yes. If that's what you said.

巴夏：我们相信你有能力、有创造力和想象力这样做。

We trust that you have the capacity and your creativity and imagination to do so.

问：非常感谢。我收到了。谢谢巴夏。

Thank you so much.I received that. Thank you，Bashar.

巴夏：你所要做的一切就是变得更自闭一点。

All you have to do is become just a little bit more autistic.

