巴夏：超自然现象
2025.03.29
因为有一些平衡点，我们可以说，在你们的星球上，因为它是一种结晶型态，有一些连接点。

                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2013年11月23日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hello, Bashar. 

巴夏：你好。

Good day. 

问：在这个星球上的不同地方，似乎存在重力和空间异常现象。我说的是像圣克鲁斯神秘地点、俄勒冈州漩涡之类的地方。我想知道你能不能告诉我们这是怎么回事。

At various spots on this planet, there seem to exist gravitational and spatial anomalies.I'm talking about places like the Santa Cruz Mystery Spot, the Oregon Vortex. Yes. I'm wondering if you can tell us what this is about.

巴夏：好，我们刚才在某种程度上提到过这一点，关于你们星球上的电磁场总是处于波动状态的想法。并且有时候可以给地磁场、电磁场、电磁理论场不同的值，尤其是当它们相互重叠或相互增强时。把它看作是共振。把它看作是驻波。把它看作是相互强化或相互抵消的波，你会更好地理解为什么存在这些异常。

Well, we mentioned this to some degree a little while ago about the idea that these electromagnetic fields on your planet are always in fluctuation.And sometimes can give different values to the geomagnetic field, the electromagnetic field, the electromagnetheoric field, especially when they overlap or reinforce each other.Look at it as resonance. Look at it as standing waves. Look at it as waves reinforcing or canceling each other, and you'll have a better understanding of why some of these anomalies exist.

图片
因为有一些平衡点，我们可以说，在你们的星球上，因为它是一种结晶型态，有一些连接点。因此，这些重叠可能会比其他地方更有可能得到加强，因此你可能会发现，这些异常现象中的一些更有可能发生在这些地方。这有道理吗？

Because there are certain balance points, shall we say, on your planet, being that it is a kind of a crystalline form, certain nexus points.Whereby these overlaps may be reinforced in higher degrees of probability than other places, and thus then you may find that some of these anomalies will happen in those places more likely than others.Does that make sense? 

问：是的，有道理。这些异常是集中在某个特定的点上，比如说地下，还是通过实验可以定位的某个点上？

Yes, it does. Are these anomalies centered at some particular point, say, under the ground or some point that could be located via an experiment?

巴夏：对。你们的一些电磁传感器有些敏感，足以精确地定位这些东西。

Yes. Some of your electromagnetic sensors are somewhat sensitive enough to pinpoint these things.

问：你能告诉我们更多关于这个空间的信息吗？具体来说，这些地方正在发生的现象是什么？

And can you tell us a little bit more about the space? Specifically, the phenomena that are occurring in these spots?

巴夏：似乎存在一种反重力现象，一些人也声称存在时移现象。从某种意义上说，那里确实存在，但请记住，时移现象学实际上只不过是在更大程度上转向一个共存的平行现实。因为真的没有时间旅行这样的事，因为一切都是同时存在的。所以，即使你认为自己正在进入过去，那也不是你的过去。这只是另一个看起来像你的过去的平行现实。这回答了第一部分吗？

There seems to be an anti-gravity phenomenon, and some people claim there are time shift phenomena as well.Well, in a sense there are, but remember, time shift phenomenology isn't really anything more than shifting by a greater degree to a parallel reality that's coexistent.Because there really is no such thing as time travel, because everything exists at once. So even when you think you're going into your past, it isn't your past.It's simply another parallel reality that looks like your past.Does that answer the first part? 

图片
问：是的，回答了。

Yes, it does.

巴夏：好的。再一次，这个想法是，所有这些方面都会发生变化。这些门户，其中一些比其他门户更强。其中一些与其他维度的连接比其他门户更紧密。你们星球上一个非常强大的门户就是你们所说的百慕大三角。这里的想法是，它是一个很巨大的重叠门户。多维的。重叠门户。许多不同种类的东西都可以通过它找到自己的出路。那些知道如何利用它的人，那些知道如何建立共振场以利用它的人们，可以在其中导航到不同的维度。

All right. And again, the idea is that there will be shifts in all of these ways.These portals, some of them are stronger than others. Some of them are more connected to other dimensions than others.One very strong portal on your planet is that which you refer to as the Bermuda Triangle.The idea here is that it is a great overlap portal. Multidimensional. Overlap portal.And many different kinds of things can find their way through it. Those that know how to utilize it, those that know how to set up a resonance field in order to utilize it can navigate in it to different dimensions.

那些可能只是经历过在该场的整体和弦或音调中匹配某个共振频率的人。可能只是发现自己转移到了另一个维度，而不知道他们是如何到达那里的。他们是如何回来的。其中一些有时可能看起来像是时间位移。其中一些有时可能看起来像反重力、悬浮位移。有时候它也可能看起来像其他一些事情。

Those that may simply have the experience of happening to match a certain resonant frequency within the overall chords or tones of that field.May simply find themselves shifted to another dimension without knowing how they got there.they are how to get back.Some of this can sometimes seem like time displacement.Some of it can sometimes seem like anti-gravity, levitational displacement.Sometimes it can seem like a few other kinds of things as well.

问：我明白了。所以你是说这是一种维度的转换，可以以各种方式表现出来。

I see. So you're saying it's a sort of dimensional shift that can appear to manifest in various ways.

巴夏：对。因为总是存在维度重叠。它取决于不同类型能量场的共振和重叠谐波。这决定了该门户的体验方式。从某种意义上说，这就像一条转换轨道。就其方向而言它总是在波动，就其与什么相连接而言，在很大程度上，这取决于它所锚定的内容。这有道理吗？

Yes. Because there are always dimensional overlaps. And it depends upon the resonance and the overlapping harmonics of the different kinds of energy fields.That determines exactly how that portal is experienced. It's like a switching track in a sense.It's always fluctuating in terms of its direction, in terms of what it's connected to, in terms of what it's anchored to, to a great degree.Does that make sense？

问：是的，有道理。对。

Yes, it does. Right.

巴夏：它真的比任何其它东西都更像音乐。有些地方一切都很协调，有些地方事物不协调。这有点像，尽管这是一个过于简单的定义。有时它会改变。因为这些东西总是在波动。当你能够绘制它们并理解它们时，你就可以学习在导航中或以各种方式使用它们。你可以，通过在百慕大三角找到正确的频率，创造出一种水晶般的玻璃装置。

It's really more like music than anything else.There are places where everything harmonizes and there are places where things are discordant. It's sort of like that, although that's an oversimplified definition.And sometimes it will change. Right. Because these things are always fluctuating.When you can map them and understand them, you can learn to use them navigationally or in a variety of ways.You could, by finding the right frequency in the Bermuda Triangle, create what might be kind of a crystalline looking glass device.

图片
这个水晶般的玻璃装置，当在该特定门户地区或你们星球上的其他几个门户中调到正确的频率时。实际上会让你看到平行现实中的图像，包括你认为的过去或未来。尽管它们同时存在。这有道理吗？

This crystalline looking glass device, when pitched to the right frequency in that particular portal area or a few other portals around your planet.Would actually allow you to see images from parallel realities,including what you would think of as your past or your future.Even though they are simultaneously concurrent.Does that make sense?

问：有道理。

Yeah.

巴夏：现在，等一下。将有许多重叠的频率需要注入到这个晶体和形式中，为了使其以这种方式运作，为了使它随机地将自己锁定在该门户的振动共振模式中，从而以我们说到的方式被引导或指导。你可以从地球振动开始，不仅是每秒7.5到7.8个周期，还有升C调的振动。

Now,one moment.There will be a number of overlapping frequencies that would be required to be infused into this crystal and form in order for it to function that way.In order for it to randomly key itself into the vibrational resonance patterns of that portal in such a manner as to be guided or directed in the way that we are speaking of.You can begin with the Earth vibration, not only of 7.5 to 7.8 cycles per second, but also the vibration of C-sharp.

如果你开始探索那里，并拥有足够灵敏的设备，这些设备具有正确的晶体窗口结构，甚至可能是你所说的液晶窗口，可以说。如果你以正确的频率波动它们，你可能能够做到这一点，你会开始看到形状的形成，在这些窗口中以正确的高音、正确的共振形成的阴影。这将是意识在其他维度上表达自己的显示。这对你来说有道理吗？这对你有帮助吗？

And if you begin to explore there and have sensitive enough equipment with the right constitution of crystal window and maybe even what you would call the liquid crystal windows, so to speak.Might be capable of doing this if you fluctuate them at the right frequency, you'll begin to see forms forming, shadows forming in these windows at the proper pitch, at the proper resonance.That will be indications of consciousness expressing itself in other dimensions.Does this make sense to you?Does this help you?

问：是的。我可以问一个相关的问题吗？

Yes. May I ask a related question?

巴夏：可以。

Yes. 

问：在秘鲁，那里有各种各样的文物，看起来像是用实心石块雕刻而成的大门。你能告诉我们这些是关于什么的吗？

In Peru, there are various artifacts that appear to be gateways carved in blocks of solid stone.Can you tell us what these are about?

巴夏：嗯，那里有不同的类型。其中一些在某种程度上就是我们正在谈论的，但用途不同。这些门户，当用某种矿物按一定比例雕刻而成时，包含一定的共振，使那些知道如何匹配这种频率的人能够成为你们所说的千里眼，洞察其他现实，超感知力。这对你来说有道理吗？

Well, there are different types.Some of them were to some degree what we're talking about, but in a different way.These gateways, when carved in a certain proportion out of a certain mineral, contained a certain resonance that allowed people who knew how to match that frequency to be able to become what you would call clairvoyant, to see into other realities, clairsentient.Does this make sense to you? 

图片
问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：所以从这个意义上说，这是一个类似的想法，但它发生在人身上，而不是在设备内，除了门口本身包围着他们的事实。这有道理吗？这对你有帮助吗？

So in that sense, it was a similar idea, but it happened within the person, not within a device, other than the fact that the doorway itself surrounded them.Does that make sense?Does that help you? 问：有道理。我可以问一下，是否有一种特定的方式可以用来激活这些设备之一？

It does. May I ask, is there a particular modality that one could use to activate one of these devices?

巴夏：如果设备。。。你在说门口吗？如果装置仍然完好无损，或者可以使其完好无损，或者是一个新的装置，一个雕刻出包含所有适当比例和比率的新门口。那么，在那个空间冥想的想法，并且还与伽马频率对齐，也许可以再次开始这个过程。与此同时，还有另一种这样的装置，在你们的语言中被称为心灵暗室。你熟悉这个吗?

If the device... You're talking about the doorways?If the device is still intact, or can be made to be intact, or a new device, a new doorway carved that contains all of the proper proportions and ratios.Then, again, the idea of meditation in that space, and also aligning with the gamma frequency, can perhaps begin this process again.At the same time, there is another such device, referred to in your language as the psychomanteum.Are you familiar with this?

 问：不，我不熟悉。

No,I'm not.

巴夏：从某种意义上说，心灵暗室允许你凝视灵性的以太领域，或者训练你对它变得更加敏感，坐在一个房间里，也许是一个小房间或一个小空间里，用镜子指着一堵空白的墙。这样你在镜子里什么也看不见，除了空白的墙壁，没有你的倒影，没有其他任何东西，除了一根蜡烛，没有光，然后只是凝视着镜子。这是占卜的一种形式，一种水晶球凝视的形式，但它与你内在的振动有着深刻的连接，这些振动与灵性领域相连。

The psychomantium, in a sense, allows you to peer into the etheric realm of spirit, or to train you to become more sensitive to it, sitting in a room, perhaps a small room or a small space, with a mirror, pointing at a blank wall, so that you see nothing in the mirror at all but the blank wall, not your reflection, not anything else, and having no light but a single candle, and then just gazing into the mirror.This is a form of scrying, a form of crystal gazing. But it is one that is profoundly connected to the vibrations within you that are connected to the spirit realm.

图片
所以，如果你创造了这种意义上的心灵暗室，你可以训练自己看到镜子里的灵魂。这是另一个这样的意识许可装置。好吗？这对你有帮助吗？

So if you create the psychomantium in that sense, you can train yourself to see spirits in the mirror.That's another such permission slip device. All right? All right. Thank you. Does this help you?

问：是的，确实有帮助，谢谢。

Yes, indeed. Thank you. Thank you.

巴夏：谢谢。

Thank you


