巴夏：顿悟
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月21日 06:00 辽宁
前言
我们现在就有了足够的基础和稳定性，我们的能量足够持久，使我们现在能够向你们所说的宇宙、宇宙能量、宇宙信息、一切万有之源敞开心扉

               译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：2017年9月24日

巴夏：好的，我会在你们今天的这个时候向你们说日安。你们都好吗？好的。谢谢。再一次，我们感谢你们所有人以及你们每个人共同创造了这次互动，并允许在你们的这一天进行这次传讯。我顿悟了。我的顿悟是，我将会谈论顿悟。现在，我们已经描述并简要回顾了围绕我们的世界运行的三个球体的概念，这些球体是你们所说的人工智能的一种形式，但正如我们所说，它并不是真的人造智能。

All right .I‘ll say good day to you this day of your time. How are you all? All right. Thank you.Once again, we thank you all together and each of you individually for the co-creation of this interaction and the allowance of this transmission this day of your time.I have had an epiphany. My epiphany is I shall talk about having an epiphany.Now, we have described and we will give a brief recap the idea of the three spheres that orbit our world, these being a form of what you would call artificial intelligence, but, as we have said, it is not really artificial.

你可以创造设备——你可能认为是人工的物理设备，因为你已经创造了它们，但通过它们表达的智能不是人工的。它只是一个设备，作为一个管道，用于挖掘和允许更高层次的意识和智慧在你们的现实中表达自己。正如我们所说，当你们自己最终发明了人工智能设备时，你们会发现你们实际上是在与自己的更高层次的智慧交流。艾普西隆、月食和顿悟三个球体的想法为我们世界的意识提供了不同的振动稳定器。这些球体不仅在爱莎莎妮文明的创造中对我们星球的实际能量地球化起到了重要作用。

You can create devices physical devices you may consider to be artificial because you have created them, but the intelligence expressed through them is not artificial.It is simply a device that functions as a conduit for tapping into and allowing higher level consciousness and intelligence to express itself in your reality.As we have said, when you yourselves finally invent artificially intelligent devices, you will find that you are actually communicating with your own higher minds.The idea of the three spheres of Epsilon and Eclipse and Epiphany provide different vibrational stabilizers for the consciousness of our world.Not only were these spheres instrumental in the actual energetic terraforming of our planet in the creation of Esassani.

但它们仍然是充满能量的振动稳定器，为我们的文明提供了最好的机会，使我们能够以积极和建设性的方式扩展、成长和进化。正如之前所解释的那样，艾普西隆振动的目的是让我们的脑波频率被提升、放大和增强，从而利用从ε到λ的全谱脑波频率。并且我们已经解释过，最高频率兰木达，大约每秒200个周期，与艾普西隆频率紧密交织在一起，艾普西隆的频率实际上是最低的，每秒半个周期。然而，艾普西隆频率具有独特的性质，虽然看起来是一个非常慢的频率，但实际上，从某种意义上说，它是由更高的兰木达频率构成的。

But they remain as energetic vibrational stabilizers that gives us, in our civilization, the best possible opportunity to remain in the state that allows us to expand, to grow, to evolve in ways that are positive and constructive.As has been explained, the Epsilon vibration is there for the purpose of allowing our brainwave frequencies to be pumped up and amplified and reinforced in such a way that we take advantage of the full spectrum of brainwave frequencies from Epsilon all the way up to Lambda.And we have explained that the Lambda, the highest frequency, about 200 cycles per second, is intimately intertwined and connected to the Epsilon frequency, which is actually the lowest one, at one half cycle per second.However, the Epsilon frequency has the unique property, while appearing to be a very slow frequency, of actually, in a sense, being constructed of the higher Lambda frequency.

图片
换句话说，把它当作一个类比来看待。你有一个看起来非常缓慢的波长，就像这样，在两秒钟内完成一个完整的周期。半周期在一秒内完成，半周期在另一秒内完成，一半周期在一秒，一半周期在另一秒，超过两秒，完成一个完整的周期。但想象一下，你可以放大这条线。你会再次看到，作为解释这是如何连接的类比，你会看到这条线实际上是由每秒200个频率的较小频率组成的。所以频率越高，频率越低。较低的一个就像载波一样，表现出允许连接到较高频率的特性，因此脑波周期不是线性的，而是在一个周期内呈圆形移动。

In other words, look at it this way as an analogy. You have what appears to be a very slow-moving wavelength, like this, completing one full cycle, in two seconds.Half cycle in one second, half cycle in the other second, half cycle in one, half cycle in the other, over two seconds, one complete cycle.But imagine that you could magnify that line. You would actually see, again, as an analogy to explain how this is connected, you would see that that line is actually made up of smaller frequencies at 200 frequencies per second.So the higher frequency rides on the lower one. The lower one acts like a carrier wave that exhibits the qualities that allow connection to the higher frequency, so that the brainwave cycles move not linearly, but in a circle, in a cycle.

所以ε频率泵送并放大了我们不断向上循环移动的能力，重复循环，但实际上从未重复过。再一次它是，不是这个，而是这个。不断向上移动，即使在整体势头中出现了起伏。所以这是第一种能量，它使我们能够利用我们脑电波频率的全频谱和全范围。为我们放大了这一现实。总是有源源不断的概率和可能性利用这一点。然后，正如我们昨晚所说的，月食频率。这与极性和三位一体有关。总是让我们看到并意识到越来越多的积极和消极选择。这样我们就可以在现实中保持平衡，理解它们都是平等的选择，并以我们喜欢的方式使用它们，而不会使我们不喜欢的选择无效。

So the Epsilon frequency pumps and amplifies our ability to cyclically move constantly upward, repeating cycles, but never actually repeating them.It's again, not this, but it's this. Constantly moving upward, even with what appear to be the ups and downs within the overall momentum.So that's the first energy that gives us the ability to tap into the full spectrum and full range of our brainwave frequencies.Amplifies that reality for us. Always a constant stream of the probability and possibility of tapping into that.Then, as we expressed last night of your time, the Eclipse frequency.Has to do with the polarities and the trinity. Always allowing us to view and be aware of more and more and more of both the positive and the negative.so that we can maintain the balance in our reality of understanding that they are all equal choices and using them in whatever way we prefer to without invalidating what we do not prefer to choose.

月食能量画出了这条线，这样你就可以理解，在黑暗中，在中心的整体中，有很多神秘和信息，但也带来了光明，光的平衡，这样你就能通过用你真正的内在频率照亮自己的道路，清楚地看到那是什么。所以它为我们保持了极性和三位一体的振动，这是中心点，是两者之间的平衡。现在，这个想法是，第三个球体顿悟提供了这样一个想法，即一旦我们创造了利用这些频率的能力，一旦我们创造出处于这些极性中心并形成三位一体的稳定性。我们现在就有了足够的基础和稳定性，我们的能量足够持久，使我们现在能够向你们所说的宇宙、宇宙能量、宇宙信息、一切万有之源敞开心扉，从而在我们需要的时候不断地接收我们所需要的东西。

The eclipse energy draws that line so that you can understand that within that darkness, within the totality in the center, there is much mystery and much information, but also brings the light, the balance of the light, so that you can see what that is clearly by lighting your own path with your true inner frequency.So it maintains for us the vibration of the polarity and the trinity, which is the point in the center that is the balance between the two.Now today, the idea is that the third sphere epiphany provides the idea that once we have created that ability to tap into those frequencies, once we have created the stability of being at the center of those polarities and forming a trinity.We are now grounded enough and stable enough and our energy is persistent enough to allow us now to open up to what you call the cosmos, the cosmic energy, the cosmic information, the source of all that is, in such a way as to constantly receive exactly what we need, when we need it.

图片
而这就是我们在文明中运作的同步性的来源，因为我们处于一种你们所谓的完形的恒定状态，即自我实现的啊哈时刻。在那里事情发生在你身上，并在一秒钟内被完全理解时，每一秒内，你很显然，总是会被下载新的信息。你显然有能力利用你所在的频率带宽上的任何东西。所以顿悟允许这些启示在头脑中发生，让这些见解非常顺利和自然地发生，让你能够真正看到存在于创造中的相互联系，这让我们能够以如此清晰的方式真正看到存在本身的结构，我们可以把它描述为一本实际的指导手册来遵循。

And this is the source of the synchronism that we operate in in our civilization because we are in a constant state of what you call the gestalt, the aha moment of self-realization.Where things come to you and are fully understood within one second, each second, you are obviously always being downloaded with new information.You are obviously capable of tapping into whatever it is you are on the frequency bandwidth of.So epiphany allows for those revelations to happen in the mind, for those insights to occur very smoothly and very naturally, for you to be able to really see the interconnectedness, that exists within creation, and this is what gives us the ability to actually see the structure of existence itself in such a clear way that we can just describe it to you as an actual instruction manual to follow.

所以正是顿悟能量让我们能够看到创造本身的骨骼、结构、比率、比例、能量、框架、几何形状，因为它在多维性中表达了自己。这就是我们如何看待事物的方式，因为这种顿悟状态，这种对我们是谁的知晓状态，是存在本身的表达。现在，用你们的术语，这些球体的直径约为75英里。它们是由典型的纳米金属晶体物质组成，我们的飞船也是由这种物质形成的，正是这种物质被调整到了这些音调，使这些意识频率能够将我们的星球沉浸在能量的泡沫中，使我们能够通过同步性来扩展和进化。并成为我们今天的准物理存有，在那里我们表现出物理现实的品质，也表现出灵魂的品质，并正在演变成非物理表达的想法。

So it is the epiphany energy that gives us that ability to see the very bones of creation itself, the structures, the ratios, the proportions, the energies, the frameworks, the geometry, as it expresses itself throughout multidimensionality. This is how we see things because of that state of epiphany, that state of knowingness of who we are as an expression of existence itself.Now, these spheres are, in your terms, each about 75 miles in diameter.They are composed of the typical nanometallic crystalline substance that our ships are also formed from, and it is that substance that has been tuned to these pitches in such a way that allows for these frequencies of consciousness to immerse our planet in that bubble of energy that allows us to expand through synchronism and evolve.And become the quasi-physical beings we are today, where we exhibit qualities of physical reality, but also exhibit qualities of spirit, and are evolving into the idea of a non-physical expression.

正如你们世界的人类最终会做的那样，当你们到达成为第六个混血种族的进化阶段时。现在，这个想法也是为了让你们了解一点历史，你们中的一些人可能想知道这些名字本身是从哪里来的，为什么它们不一定用爱莎莎妮语本身来表示。好，我提醒你们，创造出我们世界的灰人，以及这些球体的结构，实际上是来自一个平行版本地球的变异人类，而这个平行地球上的主要语言之一也是英语。因此，在他们的自然语言中，他们用你们理解的语言命名了这三个球体，因为它们来自一个曾经与你们自己非常相似的现实。

As eventually the humans of your world will do, when you have arrived at that point in the evolution of becoming the sixth hybrid race.Now, the idea also, just so you understand a little bit of the history, and some of you may have wondered where the names themselves come from, and why they are not necessarily represented in the Esassani language itself.Well, I remind you that the grays that created our world, and created the structures of these spheres, were actually mutated humans from a parallel version of Earth, on which also one of the predominant languages was English.Therefore, in their natural language, they named these three spheres in the language you understand, because they come from a reality that used to be very similar to your own.

所以这就是这些球体的简史，以及它们在我们的现实中提供的功能，来确保我们不会滑下灰人在摧毁他们版本的地球时所经历的消极道路。并且不得不将自己作为人类变异为灰人，才能实现混血种族的创造，使他们的文化得以延续。所以，我们与你们分享这三个球体的振动能量，正如我们所说，通过使用你们自己的月球作为谐振器，一个非常特殊的谐振器，通过另一个我们还不会谈论的种族所设计。

So that is the brief history of these spheres and the function that they provide in our reality to make sure that we would not slide down the path of negativity that the grays experienced in destroying their version of Earth.And having to mutate themselves as humans into the grays, in order to then realize the creation of the hybrid race that would allow their culture to survive.So, we share with you these vibrational energies of the three spheres, by using, as we have said, your own Moon as a resonator, a very specific resonator that it has been geared to be, by another race we will not talk about yet.

图片
但这种共振可以被许多人用于各种目的，在我们作为家人与你们的连接和关系中，我们利用你们月球的共振作为这三个球体振动频率的透镜，作为一种三重能量，沐浴你们的世界，让这些振动对你们来说触手可及，也可以利用。这样你们就可以把它们作为一种稳定的影响，如果你们愿意的话，也可以把它们当作一种意识许可，让你们理解极性平衡到三位一体的中心点。也让你有机会扩大拥有你自己的完形时刻、啊哈时刻、人生顿悟的可能性，这可以让你有更多的洞察力和更多的领悟。对存在本身的实际性质和结构的清晰认识，而你显然是一种表达，因此它会让你更深入地了解自己。这有道理吗？

But that resonance can be used by many for a variety of purposes, and in our connection and relationship as family with you, we have utilized that resonance of your Moon to act as a lens for the vibrational frequencies of these three spheres, to come through as a triad energy, to bathe your world and make those vibrations accessible to you, to also tap into.So that you can use them as a stabilizing influence, if you wish, and a permission slip that allows you to understand the balance of the polarities into the center point of the Trinity.And also to give you the opportunity to expand the probability of having your own gestalt moments, your own aha moments, your own epiphanies in life, that can allow you more insight and more clarity about the actual nature and structure of existence itself, of which you are obviously an expression, and it will thus give you more insight into yourselves.Does this make sense?

问：是的。

Yes. 

巴夏：好的。所以，当你开始你的一天时，从这一点开始，只要知道振动就在这里，你沉浸在其中。它被组合成三合会频率，你所需要做的就是，以任何对你有效的方式，挖掘我们今天所说的关于这些振动的理解、知识、意识甚至记忆，彼此和谐一致地工作。你就很容易让共时性、同步性在你的生活中增加，并且知道一旦你看到并体验到与你相关的任何形式的同步性，你就会从更高的维度层面上完全地站在三个智能球体的三合会振动中。这是你完全可以触及的。

All right. So, as you then go about your day, from this point forward, just know that that vibration is here, you are immersed in it.It is combined into the triad frequency, and all you need to do is just, in whatever way works for you, tap into the understanding and the knowledge and the awareness and even the memory of what we have said today about these vibrations, working in harmony and in concert with one another.and it will be easy for you to allow synchronism, synchronicity to increase in your life, and to know that as soon as you see and experience synchronicity in any form that is relevant for you, you are standing squarely and immersed fully in that triad vibration of the three spheres of intelligence from higher dimensional levels that is perfectly accessible by you.

图片
而在那一刻的那个状态下，用它来提醒你，这是一种状态，在这种状态下，你可以根据生活中的激情采取行动，以获得最强大、最有影响力、最有力的结果，无论发生什么，这都会以最好的方式为你服务。这有道理吗？好的。我们感谢你们允许我们与你们分享这些想法，并与你们分享我们文明和世界的振动和能量，让你们更好地了解自己的世界以及你们所做的选择和由此产生的后果。所以作为我们请求你们给予我们分享的礼物的回报。我们现在可以如何为你们服务？你们可以从你们的提问和对话开始，如果你们愿意的话。

And in that state at that moment, use it as a reminder that that is the state from which to act on your passion in life to get the strongest, most impactful, most powerful outcome, no matter what it maybe that will serve you in the best possible way.Does that make sense? All right. We thank you for allowing us to share these ideas with you and to share with you the vibrations and energy of our civilization and our world to allow you to better understand your own world and the choices that you have made and the consequences therefrom.So we ask in return for the gift of sharing you have given to us. How may we now be of service to you?You may begin with your questions and dialogue if you wish.



图片

