巴夏：魔杖与阿瓦隆
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月29日 06:00 辽宁
前言

这涉及到理解在你们的皮肤层上方，在皮肤层上方几厘米处，有一种由非常快速旋转的电子组成的不同类型的电磁场的想法。

阿瓦隆
阿瓦隆是亚瑟王传说中的神话岛屿，也被称为苹果岛或玻璃岛。据说该岛传奇的治愈能力可以在亚瑟王在一场重大战斗中受伤后恢复活力。根据亚瑟王作者的说法，他的圣剑 Excalibur 也是在那里锻造的。
Avalon is the mythical island, in Arthurian legend, also known as the Isle of Apples or Isle of Glass. The island’s legendary healing powers were said to restore King Arthur after he was injured in a major battle. His sword, Excalibur, was forged there too, according to Arthurian authors.
                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
             传讯时间：2020年12月5日

问：出现了一个问题是关于魔杖的。

One question that came up was about wands.

巴夏：魔杖？

Wands?

问：是的，我也喜欢魔杖。我的意思是，我没有，但我应该制作一个。所以这里的其他人说，你描述过的魔杖，魔法杖，是由早期的能量波导技术演变而来的。现在，在这段时间里，制作一个魔杖的好材料是什么？

Yeah, I like wands, too. Yes, all right. I mean, I don't have one, but I should make one. And so other people here are saying that you described wands, magic wands, as being descended from earlier energy waveguide technology.And that now, during this time, what is a good material to make a wand from?

巴夏：它可以是天然材料，但最重要的是，无论是像木材这样的天然材料，还是像铜这样的导电材料。这个想法是，重要的是比例，比率的概念，波导实际上是表明和代表某些波长和频率的概念。这是需要理解的事情。

It can be a natural material, but the most important thing, whether it's a natural material like wood or something that has been fashioned as a conductive material like copper.The idea is it's the proportions that are important, the idea of the ratios, the idea that the waveguide is actually indicative and representative of certain wavelengths and frequencies. Here's the thing to understand.

图片

曾经有一段时间，在古代文化中，当你们星球上的个人了解如何以某种方式放大你们身体周围的电磁场。这涉及到理解在你们的皮肤层上方，在皮肤层上方几厘米处，有一种由非常快速旋转的电子组成的不同类型的电磁场的想法。这就是许多人通常所说的光环场，但它是由以非常高的速度旋转的电子组成的电磁场。

There was a time when individuals on your planet in ancient cultures understood how to amplify the electromagnetic field around your body in a certain way.This involves the idea of understanding that there is, just above the layer of your skin, a few centimeters above the layer of your skin, there is a different kind of a field composed of very quickly-spinning electrons.This is what many people typically call the auric field, but it's an electromagnetic field composed of electrons that are spinning at a very high rate of speed.

某些种类的呼吸和冥想可以放大这些电子的旋转，放大和增强你身体周围的电子场和电磁场的影响。当你学会了放大这个电磁场，让它们以一定的频率旋转并相互对齐时。你就有能力使用这些波导从你的身体中吸取一些能量，你现在回想起这些波导是魔杖，并将这些能量用于各种目的。

Certain kinds of breathing and meditations can amplify the rotation of these electrons, amplify and magnify the effect of this electronic field around your body, electromagnetic field around your body.And it is when you have learned to amplify that field and get them all spinning at a certain frequency and in alignment with one another.That you have the ability to siphon off some of that energy from your body using these waveguides that you're now remembering as wands and direct that energy for a variety of purposes.

问：所以如果你有兴趣接触外次元存有或元素精灵，那么使用天然材料将有助于实现这一点。

So if you're interested in contact with extra or with  elementals, then using a natural material would be conducive to that.

巴夏：它可以是，但同样，这取决于人以及他们与魔杖的想法、比例和制作材料的关系。所以这将会是个人的事情。

It can be, but again, it depends upon the person and how they relate to the idea of the wand, its proportions, and the material made thereof.So it will be an individual thing. 

图片

问：所以就你所描述的比例而言，你能给我们这些比例中的任何一个吗？还是你刚刚给了我们，而我错过了？

So as far as those proportions you were describing, can you give us any of those proportions?Or did you just do that and I missed it? 

巴夏：好吧，再一次，其中一些是基于一比一的自然φ比，1.618，因为这就是你们的身体所基于的比例。所以这是一个对此的推断，但它也会吸收由你身体周围的旋转电子场产生的波长本身。所以必须对此进行测量，因为对于每个人的魔杖的比例和尺寸都会略有不同。

Well, again, some of it is based on the natural phi ratios of one to one, one point six one eight because that's what your body is based on.So it's an extrapolation of that, but it's also picking up on the wavelength itself that is generated by the spinning electron field around your body.So that would have to be measured because it will be slightly different for every individual, and therefore the proportions and dimensions of the wand would also be slightly different for every individual.

问：对。也许我们会在未来更深入地探讨这个问题。阿瓦隆的神奇世界有振动电话号码吗？

Yeah. Maybe we'll explore this more deeply going, you know, in the future. Is there a vibrational phone number for the magical world of Avalon?

巴夏：它是黑色背景下的一朵绿色鸢尾花。

It is a green fleur-de-lis against a black background.

图片

现在，这可能会有一些增强，但一般来说，对于许多人来说，一颗祖母绿、一朵黑色背景下的绿色鸢尾花可以让你接触到你们所说的阿瓦隆的振动频率原型。

Now, there can be some augmentations to this, but in general, an emerald, a green fleur-de-lis against a black background can, for many individuals, put you in touch with the vibrational frequency archetypally of what you are referring to as Avalon.

