巴夏：“自闭”的天才！
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-11-03
注：这是巴夏早期信息，没有视频和音频。

       很难翻译……



问： 

I was curious to know what thoughts you might have on autism. 

我很想知道你对“自闭症”是怎么看的？



巴夏：

The general condition can have many reasons, some of which may stem from reincarnational lives, some of which do not have to. 

通常情况下，产生“自闭症”的原因是有很多。有些原因，可能来源于轮回中的其他世，有些则不一定。



But the general idea is of a high focus in a specific direction of intention, at what you would call in your language, at the sake of everything else -- every other connection, every other direction, every other focus. 

所谓的“自闭”，通常是指一个人将自己的意图高度集中在一个特定的方向，而放弃了其他的连接、其他的方向、其他的关注，用你们的话说，就是“不顾一切”。



It is the turning inward into a specific world, a specific dimension of the imagination, and an exploration of a highly concentrated limitational focus. 

自闭的人，会将自己的意识转到内心的一个特定的世界，一个想象力的特定的维度，去探索一个高度集中的、有限的关注点。



Sometimes this is because of the playing out of things, of momentums, of continuations from other lives. 

有时候，这是因为某些事件的发展，或某些势头的推动，或来自（轮回中的）其他世的继续演变。



Sometimes it has to do with what an individual desires to experience in this life, simply knowing that there are only one or two things they need to really be aware of. 

有时候，则与他们在此生中所渴望的体验有关，也就是说，他们清楚地知道自己只需要关注在某一两件事上就可以了。



图片

And so they have created an existence that allows them to simply focus on those one or two things. They have not considered anything else, in a sense, to be that important. 

于是，他们就（为自己）创造了某种境况，从而使自己能够简单地关注在这一两件事上。除此之外的事物，在他们看来，就没那么重要了。



It can be of great service to other individuals in creating communication bonds with these individuals, telempathically, to be able to have access to the different dimensional worlds that they are focused upon. 

那些能够通过心灵感应的方式与这些人建立“沟通链接”的人，就可以通过他们所提供的极好的“服务”，去探访他们所关注的不同维度的世界。



Sometimes the idea of autism is a symbolic representation of the lack of willingness of communicative ability that exists in your society as well. 

有时候，你们也会把社会中存在的这些自闭症的人，当做是缺乏“交流能力的意愿”的那部分人群的“象征性的代表”。



So an individual may choose to represent that format to allow other individuals to attempt to get to them in any way they can -- and teach your society, in general, that much more about all the different ways you can discover communication occurring between you, so that you will expand all your methodologies of communication. 

所以，一些人可能就会选择让自己成为这种类型的人的代表，从而让其他人（如父母）可以“想方设法，试图进入他们的内心”，并且教导你们的社会关于“发生在你们之间的、你们能发现的所有不同的交流方式”的更多信息，这样的话，你们所有的沟通方式都会得到扩展。



图片

Now, your dolphin consciousness is very good at communicating with these individuals because they already reach them telempathically. And they treat them, accept them, as they are. They simply send them unconditional love. 

海豚，这种意识体，很擅长和自闭的人沟通，因为它们已经以心灵感应的方式，向他们“展开双鳍”。海豚会毫无保留地善待他们，接纳他们，它们只会向他们发送无条件的爱。



And one of the ideas about why autism exists in your world is to allow individuals to express that unconditional love, to allow more intimacy in their communication. Because intimacy -- closeness, touching, physicality and love -- are usually the ways that allow an autistic person to realize that there is another world around them. 

你们的世界中之所以会存在自闭的人，其中一个原因，就是让一些人能向他们表达无条件的爱，让他们的沟通变得更亲密。因为亲昵的身体接触、爱的抚摸，通常能让自闭的人明白在他们身边，其实还有另一个世界。



There are many, many, many, many, many reasons for the creation of that idea. But basically it is a turning inward into a particular dimensional plane, at the expense of everything else that a generalist usually chooses to experience in life. You follow me? 

造成自闭症的原因，有很多很多、很多很多、很多很多。但根本上讲，都是让自己的意识转到内在的一个特别的维度空间，以牺牲通才（多面手）通常会选择的其他人生体验为代价。



They are, in many ways, the ultimate specialists. They represent in many ways seeds all bound up and ready to explode in many different directions at once. 

在许多方面，他们都是终极专家。他们代表着那些掩埋着的各种“种子”，准备着朝许多不同的方向立刻“生根发芽”（爆发）。



图片

The extreme limitation they exhibit, once released, will release in an explosion of high connection into almost every direction in your society.

显现在他们身上的“极度的限制”，一旦被释放，就会像密集的连锁爆炸反应一样，引起你们社会中几乎每个方面的“限制”的得以释放。



They are in a sense potential generalists of high order, high frequency, high magnitude, expressing what you generally term genius in another way. 

他们是潜在的高级别、高频率、重量级的通才（多面手），以另一种方式表达你们通常所说的“天才”。



Not that you are not geniuses -- which you are. 

这不是说你们不是天才，你们本来就是天才。



Does that serve you? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Yes, it does. Thank you. 

是的，有帮助，谢谢您！



巴夏：

Thank you very much. 

非常感谢！

