巴夏：“自闭症”的孩子教给你的
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-11-07

问：

Hello, Bashar 

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, good day! 

你好，日安！

 

问：

To you, good day! 

日安！



巴夏：

Speak up and be bold, so that all may hear what you have to share! 

请大胆大声发言，这样大家都能听清你分享的内容！



问：

There has been an recent rise in autism prevalence 

最近，自闭症的流行正在持续上升



巴夏：

Yes, autism 

自闭症吗？



问：

Yes, autism 

是的，自闭症



My question is why, and what can we do about it? 

我的问题是：为什么？以及，对此我们能做什么呢？



巴夏：

All right 

好的！



The question is why the reason rise in the experience called autism? 

你问的是：为什么经历自闭症的儿童的数量在不断增加？



问：

Yes

是的！



巴夏：

Well, there are actually many reasons 

实际上，原因有很多个



But one of the most prominent reasons is 

但其中一个最为突出的原因是：



That the experience you call autism usually invokes a highly focused point of view in a very narrow window of expression and understanding, 

你们所谓的“自闭症”，通常是指一个人通过一个非常窄小的窗口来表达和理解一个高度集中的观点



But in so doing

但这样做的话



you get to see demonstrated very clearly the potential the full potential of the expression of that particular aspect of the personality 

你们就可以通过他们，而清楚地看见这种特定的人格所能发挥出来的完全潜能



Autistic people thus have chosen to demonstrate to each and every one of you in different ways, in different slices of personality expression what you are all actually capable of, if you allow yourselves to operate in full mode 

因此，那些自闭症的人，通过选择不同的方式、不同的人格面向，向你们展示：如果你们能全身心地投入，你们每个人实际上所能发挥的能力



Do you understand me so far? 

以上说的这些，你能明白吗？



问：

Yes, I do 

是的，我明白



巴夏：

All right 

好！



So they are giving you a loving opportunity to see the potential in each and every one of you. 

所以，他们给了你们一个充满爱的机会，让你们可以看见你们每个人身上所拥有的潜能



They are being specialists, and they are allowing you to understand how you can be a broader form of generalist 

他们都是“专家”，可以教你们如何成为更大范围的“通才”



By allowing yourself to live in the moment more fully 

也就通过让自己更全然地活在每时每刻中



With more focus on every moment in living in the present 

让自己更全身心地关注在每一个当下



And in so choosing to do that 

并在选择这么做之后



Then simply knowing what you need to know in that moment for that particular focus, 

清楚地知道：自己总会知道关于当前关注点所需要知道的信息



And not necessarily spending time wondering or worrying whether you're going to be in the proper focus, whether or not you're going to have all the proper information that you need at that moment 

而不需要花时间在 思虑自己的注意力是否正确“关注”，不需要费心思在 自己是否获得了当前所需要的正确“信息”



In many ways you could say our society is highly artistic 

在很多方面，你们可以说，我们的社会是高度“自闭”的



Because we don't really plan in that sense 

我们并不像你们那样做计划



We simply know that we will know what we need to know when we need to know it 

因为我们清楚地知道：在我们需要知道的时候，我们就会知道我们所需要知道的



Not a moment before, but not a moment later. 

不会早一刻，也不会晚一秒



Therefore, in every given moment that we are interacting with something 

因此，在每一刻，对于我们所交互的每一件事物



It has our absolute full attention, our full energy focus 

我们都是绝对地全神贯注，聚精汇“能”在它们上面



And in that moment, we are specializing in living in that now reality 

在那一刻，我们专心致志地活在那个当下的实相中



And absolutely no other 

绝对心无旁骛



No thoughts of what was in the past 

不问过去



No thoughts of what will be in the future 

不想将来



Which are illusions anyway. 

反正它们都是幻相



So the ideas they are teaching you how to live more in the now 

所以，那些自闭症的人在教你们如何更好地活在当下



Do you understand this? 

你能明白吗？



问：

Yes, I do 

是的，明白



巴夏：

All right 

很好！



In your society, you will always generate and there will always be beings that are willing to take on the mantle of all the reflections that you are going through as changes in your consciousness that are important for your overall collective transformation 

你们所经历的所有意识的改变，都会“反射”在你们的社会中，并且总会有人愿意承担起这样“反射”的职责，而这对于你们整个集体意识的转变非常重要



So look around to those that have been willing, that have the strength, that have the love to be able to express themselves in what may seem to be a very limited way 

所以，好好看看那些充满力量，带着爱，并且愿意以一种看似非常受限的方式表达自我的孩子们



But which in fact is a very profound state of being to help all others learn more about who and what they are. 

他们的这种状态，实际上对于其他人学习更多的关于“他们是谁，他们是什么”具有深远的助益



So what you can do about it is that 

所以，你能做的就是：



Use it that way. 

如此地使用他们



See it that way. 

如此地看待他们



Define it in a positive way. 

以积极正面的方式定义他们



Now, on the other hand 

从另一方面讲



There are those who also are choosing to experience that to give you all an opportunity to also understand how to expand them as well as they expand you. 

他们选择这样的经历，也给了你们所有人一个机会去学习如何扩展他们的人生，就像他们扩展你们的人生一样



图片

Many of you already know that the idea of touching

你们许多人都已经知道，亲昵的抚摸



the idea of interaction with certain kinds of beings 

与某些生物接触



Such as dolphins and whales who are telepathic on your planet 

比如你们星球上 以心灵感应的方式交流的海豚和鲸鱼



have already been of great assistance in bringing autistic people out of their shell, so to speak. 

对于引导自闭症的人走出他们的“壳”具有极大的帮助



And as you thus allow them to interact with those beings and you interact with them, and those beings as well. 

当你们允许他们和这些生物互动，并且你们也参与到他们之间的互动中



They will help and assist you in forming more telepathic connections with each other, with them and with other beings that the dolphins and whales are telepathically in touch with 

这将帮助你们与他们，与这些生物形成更强的心灵感应式连接，同时也能帮助你们连接到海豚和鲸鱼所心灵感应连接着的其他存在体（如，天狼星）



So that's another way you can use that experience that they have chosen to have on your planet. 

这些自闭症的人所选择的在你们星球上的这种体验，也可以以这种方式去帮助你们



Does that answer your question? 

这样回答你的问题可以吗？



问：

Yes, it does. 

是的，可以！



巴夏：

All right, thank you. 

好的，谢谢！



问：

Thank you. 

谢谢你！



My unconditional love to you. 

向你致以我无条件的爱



巴夏：

Our unconditional love to you as well 

我们也无条件地爱你们！



