巴夏：埃及十灾，为何发生？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-04-14
图片



视频下载地址：

https://pan.baidu.com/s/1V6KWc1dobMrQ_qU44lyS-A

提取码：5vxk



问：

So the story of Passover, there was a burning bush that Moses saw 

在逾越节的故事中，摩西看见了燃烧着的荆棘



巴夏：

Well, it wasn't really a burning bush 

其实，那并不是燃烧着的荆棘



问：

What was it? 

是什么呢？



巴夏：

It was an energy form of spirit that appeared to be burning, But that's just the interpretation of the time

那是神灵能量的一种形态，看起来像是在燃烧，但是，那只是那个时代的人对祂的理解



because energy forms were not understood. 

因为他们对“能量形态”并不了解



That's why it didn't consume the bushes 

这就是为什么那“火”并没有把荆棘烧毁



Because it wasn't really fire. It was a glowing spirit form 

因为，祂并不是真正的“火”，而是一种闪光的神灵（形态）



问：

And this glowing spirit was talking to Moses? 

这个闪光的神灵，在和摩西对话吗？



巴夏：

Well, communicating, yes, 

是的，祂们在交谈



图片



问：

And the 10 plague, how did that happened? 

埃及十灾，是怎么发生的呢？



巴夏：

The idea is that there was an enhancement of what you might call the fourth law in the area 

那时候的埃及，在“宇宙的第四法则”的作用下，负能量被不断地强化



An energy had built up over time in such a manner because of the interactions of different 

cultures that were highly negative 

因为不同文化之间，以极端负面的方式进行交互（冲突），并在时间的推移下，不断地累积了大量的负能量



That built up to a point where there was an amplification and a magnification in the vortex in the area of the fourth law of What You Put Out Is What You Get Back. 

宇宙的第四法则是：“你给出什么，你就收获什么”，这些能量，在埃及这个能量旋涡中，得到进一步强化与放大，在达到某个点之后，就显化（爆发）出来这些“灾难”



Some people might call it the idea of a karmic retribution. But that's an old-fashioned way of understanding it. 

有些人把这个法则称之为“因果报应”，但那只是对它的“老旧式”的理解



So the idea really is that certain things manifested out of that vortex that were magnifications of the negative energy that had been created and built up between the different cultures in that area. 

所以，真正的原因是：那个区域中的不同文化之间的冲突（交互）所产生的负面能量，经过能量涡流的强化与放大后，显化出了那些（灾难性）事件



Do you understand what we are saying? 

你能明白我说的吗？



问：

Vaguely! 

似懂非懂！



图片



巴夏：

If an area that exists in a very power负l magnetic vortex, an energy vortex, an interdimensional vortex, 

如果一个地方，坐落于一个非常强大的电磁旋涡中，也可以说是强大的能量涡流，或跨维度的涡流中心



pumps enough negative energy into it, it will start attracting negative manifestations out of that vortex 

当人们往这个旋涡中注入足够多的负能量，那么，这个地方，就会从能量旋涡中吸引来负面的（物质）显化



问：

Why was there so much negative energy? 

为什么会有这么多的“负能量”呢？



巴夏：

You tell me 

你说嘞！



It's your planet. 

这可是你们的星球！



Those cultures were experiencing the idea of a battle, of suppression, or freedom, oppression slavery 

这些文化，经历着战争、奴役、压破、镇压，为自由而站，为正确而站



All sorts of negative ideas...

经历过各种各样的负面事件……



Therefore, over time, long enough in that vortex, it built up to where it had to rebound somehow. 

于是，随着时间的推移，在能量涡流中经过足够长时间的累积与强化之后，就必定会以某种方式“反弹”出来



You follow? 

你明白了吗？



图片



You have cultures on your planet that go into hate and negative judgment just because one being thinks differently than another, because one being thinks they must suppress other beings 

在你们星球上，你们有些文化，会怨恨或负面评判另一些文化，仅仅因为，有些人的想法，与另一些人不一样，或因为，有些人认为他们就应该压破其他人



You do that long enough, there's going to be consequences 

这样的事情做多了，做久了，就必然会产生一定的“果”！



Does that make sense? 

你能明白吗？



It's just the balance of nature 

这只是大自然的自我平衡



Like you put enough negative energy in, well, this is what happens. This is what comes out of it 

当你们往其中注入了足够多的负面能量，那么，就会像埃及一样，发生那样的事，产生那样的结果（埃及十灾）



问：

It seems that the Jews was saved by an alien race you mentioned 

你好像提到过，那些犹太人是被外星人给救了的？



巴夏：

In a sense, yes, they were guided out by an alien race. 

某种意义上讲，是的！他们是被外星人引导出去的



This the pillar of fire, the pillar of cloud was basically a mother ship 

柱状形的火云，其实就是一艘外星母舰

