巴夏：天才与疯子
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-11-04



All reality is the product of varying frequencies within the primal energy, out of which all the Universe is created. 

原始能量中的能量的频率的不同，才有了“所有实相，也就是“所有宇宙”的诞生。



Other dimensions of experience co-exist with you right here and right now, but on a slightly different frequency. Therefore, you do not perceive them. 

其他维度的体验与你当下的体验，共同存在于此时此地，只是频率稍微有点不同，因此，你感知不到祂们。



Now and then, when your conscious guard is "down", you will allow yourself to perceive momentarily some of these other dimensions. 

偶尔，在你的意识防伪减弱的时候，你会短时间地允许自己瞥一下某些其他维度的实相（世界）。



But because of what you have been taught to think about what reality is supposed to be, sometimes those experiences cause great fear within you and you shut them off. 

但由于你们所受到的教育，让你们认为“世界就应该是XX样”，所以，有时候这些经历导致你极大的恐惧，于是你就把感知其他维度世界的能力给关闭了。



Those that do not shut them off you label "insane. " 

那些能力没有被关闭的人，你们称他们为“疯子”



But they are seeing realities just as real as the one you are seeing. 

但他们所看到的世界，跟你们所看到的世界，一样真实！



It is simply that they are seeing realities that are not the mass agreed-upon reality. 

只是他们所看到的，并不是你们集体意识一致同意的。



Sometimes you will notice they experience great difficulty in seeing these other realities and great difficulties in relating to your world. 

有时候，你们会发现，他们由于能够看见其他维度的世界，经历了极大的困难；他们在与你们的世界的关联过程中，又经历了极大的困难。



The difficulty they have within their own lives is not the product of being able to see other realities—the difficulty is created by not being allowed to communicate what they see back to your reality. 

但造成他们生活中的这些困难的，并不是因为他们能够看到其他世界，而是因为你们的世界不允许他们将所看到的，通过交流，带到你们的实相中来。



Sometimes an individual will be clever enough to figure out how to communicate what they are perceiving back into the reality they are familiar with. 

有时候，有些人足够聪明，有办法将他们所看见的世界带到他们所熟悉的世界中来。



When they allow a smooth transition of information from one reality to another reality, you do not call them crazy anymore, you call them geniuses. 

当一个人能够将一个世界的信息流畅地带到另一个世界时，你们不再叫他们为“疯子”，你们叫他们“天才”。



Or perhaps, from a more artistic perspective you call them: visionaries. 

或者，更文艺的说法，你们称他们：理想主义者/梦想家/有远见的人/幻想家



The main difference between what you call an "insane person" and a "visionary" is that the visionary person has figured out how to manifest at least a portion of what they perceive. 

“疯子”和“理想主义者”的主要区别在于：理想主义者有办法将他们所看到的世界，至少显化出一部分来。



As far as we are concerned, you are all capable of being visionaries. 

在我们看来，你们所有人都有能力当一个“理想主义者”



In a sense, you already are all visionaries because you use your imagination to create the realities you already get. 

某种程度上讲，你们都已经是理想主义者，因为你们用想象力创造了你们的世界。



But because many of you have not been taught how to translate what you see and feel into your physical reality, you do not even make an attempt to do so. 

但你们中的很多人，因为没人教你们如何将所看见的、所感受到的带到你们的物质世界中来，所以你们甚至都不会尝试着去做。



Or, you allow the creation of your realities to remain on the unconscious level rather than on the conscious level. 

或者说，你们对于自己的实相，仍然保持在无意识状态，而不是有意识地去创造。