巴夏：扭转时空（越活越年轻的秘密）
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-07-01



问：

I was wondering if there might be an image or model where we could affect the aging process? 

我想知道有没有某种图像或者模式，可以用来影响我们的衰老过程



巴夏：

Live in the moment. 

活在当下



The more you live in the moment, the more you become absorbed, literally, absorbed in doing what you love to do, the less you will age. 

你越是活在当下，越是沉浸在你所热爱的事情中，你衰老得越慢



All of you know the experience of "time flies" when you are having fun. 

你们所有人都知道，当你们很开心的时候，感觉“时光在飞逝”



You know that time isn't really flying. 

你们也知道，时间并不是真的在飞



And in all reality, it isn't that you are just ignoring the passage of time. 

在所有的实相中，并不是你忽略了时间的流逝



You create time. 

而是你在创造时间



And when you do something that allows you to be so focused that you can come out of it and say, "Oh, many hours have passed, where did the time go?"

当你非常非常专地做完一件事情，你说：“一眨眼间，几个小时过去了！哇哦！时间都跑哪去了？”



you actually did not create that time, literally. 

你其实并没有创造这几个小时



If you feel that you have only experienced about one half hour when perhaps to the rest of the world three hours went by, you actually only aged one half hour. 

你感觉过了半个小时，而对于地球上的其他人来说，已经过了三个小时了。那你其实只“成长”了半个小时（相对的，其他人则成长了三个小时）



Living in the moment, staying in the moment. 

活在当下，待在这一刻



Following your excitement and staying in that vibration unlocks you from the Time Matrix and allows you to experience yourself as relatively ageless. 

跟随你的兴奋，保持在兴奋的振频上，这会将你从时间的矩阵中解锁出来，并让你相对地不长年龄（不变老）



Now, the idea is, when you realize that three hours have passed, what you are simply doing is, automatically and by choice, reconnecting yourself to the time stream that all of you have agreed to share.

而当你意识到三个小时已经过去了，你就自动地将自己与“时间之流”重新连接。这个“时间之流”是你们所有人共同决定的，且共享的。



 because you don't want to completely divorce yourself from that matrix. 

你之所以这么做，因为你不想完全地脱离这个矩阵。



Otherwise, you will not be able to interact with many other people on your planet at this time. 

否则，在这个时间点上，你就无法跟地球上的很多人进行互动



But the more all of you live in the moment, the more you will be able to interact in the "Now" and the less aging you will experience, because you are literally creating less time. 

但如果你们所有人“活在当下”的时间越长，那你们越容易在“当下”进行互动，你们所体验到的“年龄的增长”也就越少，因为你们所创造的时间少了。



When you stay in the moment you are creating less details, you are allowing yourself to see the big picture of what you are doing, and allowing your higher self to allow the details to be opened and positioned automatically. 

当你停留在当下这一刻，你所创造的“细节”就少了。你就能看见自己所做的事情的“蓝图”，并且你会允许高我，让祂将细节展开，允许祂自主地安置



You don't have to "fragment" your consciousness to take care of "worrying about all the details" or trying to juggle all the details into place. 

你无需将你的意识碎片化，才能让你处理好所有你忧虑的细节，或将这些细节有序地到位。



The fewer details you pay attention to in that fashion, the less time you will need to get done what you need to get done. 

你所关注的细节越少，那你做完你需要做的事情的时间，也就越少。



You follow?

你明白吗？



Does that model work for you? 

你觉得这种模式，适合你吗？