巴夏：新冠病毒，源于自然界，非人工合成
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-05-03
图片

优酷视频网址：
https://v.youku.com/v_show/id_XNDY1NzczNTg0MA==.html

点击页面底部左下角的“阅读原文”，可直接跳转



图片

问：

I want to ask about the virus specifically. 

我想问一些关于“新冠病毒”的信息



Was it bioengineered or was it just a natural occurrence? 

它是生物工程制造出来的（人工合成），还是自然形成的呢？



巴夏：

Natural occurrence 

自然形成的



It is the result of the destruction of various ecosystems on your planet that allow the virus that would naturally be contained in that ecosystem to spread farther than it normally would and find new hosts 

由于你们星球上的诸多生态系统遭到破坏，从而导致原本自然存在于这些生态系统中的病毒，（不得不）更大范围地传播出去，以寻找新的宿主



Because many of its own hosts which would be the animals in the ecosystem have been eliminated through the destruction of the ecosystem. 

它们的原宿主，就是那些动物，因为这些生态系统的破坏，而大量地死亡了



Therefore, viruses will then seek out new niches to inhabit, which will now include humanity 

所以，病毒就去寻找新宿主（栖息地），而目前，它们的宿主就包括了人类



问：

So what's the solution to this? 

那么，该如何解决呢？



Because a lot of people, people like Bill Gates has been talking about vaccinating the planet, which there's quite a lot people don't agree with that. 

因为有很多人，比如比尔盖茨，他建议进行全球大规模疫苗接种，但是，也有很多人并不同意他的观点



So what's the solution? 

我们该怎么办呢？



巴夏：

Well, we cannot necessarily tell you which way to go. 

我们不能告诉你们应该走哪一条路



We will have to leave that up to you and your own choices. 

我们必须把选择权交给你们，由你们自己来决定



But obviously, since we are talking about the destruction of certain ecological systems. one solution would be the restoration of those systems rather than the continued destruction on your planet. 

但是，既然我们谈到某些生态系统被破坏了，那么，很显然，其中一个解决办法是恢复这些生态系统，而不是继续破坏你们的星球



Also, the reduction of fear-based belief systems, negative energy 

其二，清理你们身上基于恐惧的信念系统，减少你们的负面能量



that is causing stress around your world since 2016 has diminished the immune system of most people on your planet by being put in exceedingly stressful situations of uncertainty 

因为，在面对不确定的情况中，它们带会给你们带来极度的压力，而从2016年开始，你们星球上的大部分人就处于这种状态下，从而导致自身的免疫力被削弱



And therefore a rebalancing of the energy and outputting of more positive energy would also be of some assistance to the collective consciousness 

因此，平衡你们的能量，释放出更多正能量，对于你们的集体意识，也会有一定的帮助



So that the immune system will not be compromised in the way that it has been for the past several years. 

这样的话，你们的免疫系统，就不会像几年前那样再被破坏了



问：

Some people are using the vitamin c and xxx and things like that... 

有些人服用维生素c和xxx之类的药物进行治疗……



巴夏：

I cannot discuss specific remedies that go into health issues 

对于健康问题，我不能讲述具体的疗法



Because we are not allowed to discuss health issues, in the physical sense of giving you cures. 

因为，不允许我们这么做.换句话说，就是我们不能给你们“解药”



问：

OK! 

好吧！



巴夏：

Now as we have said previously however, 

但是，正如我们以前说过的



You can always begin with information we have already delivered on that subject, which means make sure that you are detoxified as much as you possibly can 

对于健康问题，你们任何时候，都可以从我们曾分享过的信息开始行动，也就是说，确保你能够尽可能彻底地给自己排毒



So that at the very least, the nutrients that you do manage to put in your bodies will actually take hold in the cellular structure and allow your body to repair itself as best as it possibly can in the circumstances and strengthen your immune system 

这样的话，你吃进去的营养物质，至少能够进入你的细胞结构中，从而让你的身体，能够尽可能地自我修复，并在这种情况下，增强你的免疫系统



So detoxification of the pollutants that exist in your society that then get lodged in your cellular structures and prevent nutrients from being absorbed would be the first step 

因为你们世界中的污染物（毒素），滞留在你们的细胞结构中，阻碍身体吸收营养物质，所以，你们要做的第一步，就是尽可能彻底地排出这些毒素



So that whatever you do intake will remain in your cellular structure will be able to even get into your cellular structure by being as thoroughly detoxified as you possibly can be. 

这样的话，你们所摄入的营养物质，就能够进入到细胞结构，并保持在其中（否则，可能就直接排除体外，无法被身体所吸收）



That's all we are allowed to say about the idea of any particular physiological remedying that may go on in your system, 

这是关于你们任何生理疾病的治疗，我们所能说的全部



Other than that, we cannot advise for the idea of health issues with respect to remedies and cures 

除此之外，对健康问题，我们不能给予药物或疗法方面的任何建议



问：

OK! Thank you for that. 

好的，谢谢你的回答！



百度网盘下载地址：

https://pan.baidu.com/s/1qGMetHTMYn6TjSbr-3fUCQ



提取码: t8g4