巴夏：特斯拉发明了“治病机器”？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-12-16




问：

Did Tesla create a healing machine? 

尼古拉·特斯拉 是不是发明了一种可以治病的机器吗？



巴夏：

Yes 

是的！



问：

And it's not allowed to be used right now, or? 

现在不允许我们使用这种机器，还是说……？



巴夏：

The technology is findable, the technology is doable. 

这项技术，你们能找到，也能够制造出来



It has to do with frequency, vibration 

它与频率、振动有关



Understanding what the vibration of different diseases are, and knowing how to apply certain frequencies to them that cancel that vibration of the disease out 

你们需要弄清楚不同疾病的不同振动频率，并知道如何运用一定的频率，抵消掉该疾病的振动频率，从而达到治愈的目的



So it's doable 

所以，你们也可以制造出来的



In a sense, even though some of Tesla's papers may have been taken by certain individuals who didn't necessarily prefer that the general public understand some of the things that he did 

某种意义上讲，虽然，特斯拉的部分文档被某些人占有，并且，这些人不希望大众知道他的某些发明是如何制作的



That technology is not necessarily that sophisticated. 

但这个技术，其实也没那么复杂

图片

问：

Did he have any help? From the...? 

他有没得到什么帮助呢？来自……的帮助？



巴夏：

You all have help, you all have guidance 

你们所有人，都有“人”在帮助你们，都有“人”在指引你们



But understand: he was an extremely tapped in, and talented individual who had extra dimensional abilities 

但需要明白的是：特斯拉是一个非常连接、非常有才华、有着更多维空间的能力的人



Do you understand how he utilized what you typically call hallucinations? 

你知道，他是如何利用你们所谓的“幻觉”吗？



问：

I'm not aware of that. 

闻所未闻



巴夏：

As a child he experienced hallucinations, so real he could not necessarily tell what was physically real and what was in his mind 

当他还是个孩子的时候，他就有幻觉，这些幻觉如此逼真，以至于他都无法分辨它们是实体存在的，还是只是脑袋中的臆想



He actually over time learn to control that ability to the point where he could actually construct in front of his eyes as if it were physical. 

他花了很长时间学习如何控制这种能力，直到他能够在自己眼前建造这些“幻觉的机器”，就像它们是实体物质一样

The devices see them operating 

这些机器设备，他可以看着它们运行



If they didn't seem to operate properly, he could literally act as if he was taking them apart physically, look at where the problems were in the hallucination, repair them in his mind, put them back together 

如果运行不正常的话，他可以在脑海的幻觉中，如实体物质般将它们拆开，看看问题在哪里，将其修复，并再组装起来



And then all you had to do when he built the device was copy the hallucination 

而他制作这个设备所需要做的全部，就是复制他的“幻觉”



And that's why his devices work perfectly the first time when he built them. 

这也是为什么他的设备，可以在首次启动的时候，就可以完美地运行

图片

That's the ability that he had 

这就是他所拥有的能力



You all have that potential, if it's relevant for you to experience it 

你们都有这样的潜能，如果这样的能力与你的人生课题相关的话



But you all might experience it in different ways. 

但是，你们使用“潜能”的方式，可能不同



Nevertheless, the idea of using frequency to heal diseases is something that's relatively easy for you to accomplish

然而，“用频率来治愈疾病”这一理念，对你们来说，还是相对比较容易实现的 



And in fact there are many people actually investigating that already on your planet 

事实上，已经有很多地球人在做这方面的研究



So do your own research 

所以，你自己可以去了解一下



Yes? 

可以吗？



问：

Yes 

好的！



