巴夏：理解，就是支持！
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-11-01
注：这是巴夏早期信息，没有视频和音频。

译者的翻译宗旨：以心传心，不立文字。所以有时候难免“胡编乱造”，^_^



问：

I would like to ask you about my new baby niece. Her name is Whitney, and she's my sister's child. 

我想问你的是关于我刚出生的外甥女，她叫惠特尼，是我妹妹的孩子。



My sister contracted something called toxoplasmosis during her pregnancy. 

我妹妹在怀孕过程中患上了弓形体病。



The baby was born very early and very small, and there's the chance that she may have brain damage. And they won't be able to tell from outside signs for a while. Do you have any comment…?

小婴儿出生的很早，而且个头很小。她的大脑还可能受损，但我们目前还无法从外在体征得以确认。对此，你有何高见？

	

巴夏：

Lots and lots and lots of touching.

许许多多的抚摸



Lots of loving; lots of touching.

给予她许多的爱，许多的抚摸



Lots of mental communication; lots of reinforcement.

不断地和她进行精神上的交流，并且不断地强化



Lots of mental imagery of the child being able to communicate in whatever way it needs to.

不断地想象她能够以她所需要的任何方式和你们交流的画面。



In whatever way it needs to! Not how they think it should.

记住：是以她所“需要”的任何方式，而不是你们认为所“应该”的方式



Understand that many of these opportunities are opportunities for your society to explore new ways of communication. This is a service being done by this child. 

要知道，很多这样的机会，都是让你们的社会可以有机会去探索新的交流的方式，而这正是这个小孩所服务于你们的。



Your acceptance and allowance of this service to be done will allow the parents to communicate with the child fully, and the child fully with the parents and the society. 

你们对她的这个服务的接纳和允许，会帮助她的父母可以和她进行充分的交流，同时，她也可以和父母、社会进行充分的交流。



This is the lesson being taught by the child.

而这，正是这个孩子所要教给你们的



问：

What you're saying would indicate to me that she probably does have damage.

你说的这些话，似乎表明她可能真的脑部受损了。

	

巴夏：

Only in a sense, let us say potentially. 

怎么说呢？这只是“可能”



Potentially in the sense that if the message is not received

这种可能性，只发生在她所带来的消息，并没有被你们接收到。



then understand that what this is a reflection of is: the individuals not willing to receive the message -- their own limitation -- not the child's limitation.

如果这样的话，那你们要知道：这其实反映出你们不愿意接收她带来的信息，也就是关于你们的“自我限制”的信息，而不是这个孩子有所“限制”。

	

Understand the child; that is all that is necessary. 

理解这个孩子，这是你们需要做的全部。



Under stand; stand under. 

Under stand，就是Stand under（理解她，就是站在她下面）

图片

Support the child. Support the idea that the child is expressing, and all the messages will be crystal clear.

支持这个孩子，支持她所表达的理念，这样的话，所有的信息都将如水晶般——清澈透明



问：

Thank you. 

谢谢你！



巴夏：

Thank you! Thank the child. Thank the parents for us.

谢谢你！谢谢这个孩子！谢谢这对父母！谢谢他们为我们所做的一切！

