巴夏：癌症的原因及疗法
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-02


问：

I have a patient that has cancer. Can she be saved? Am I treating her right? 

我是医生，我的一个病人得了癌症。她能被治愈吗？我对她的治疗方案正确吗？



巴夏：

There is no right and wrong. 

没有所谓的对和错



The idea of any so-called disease within your society can serve many different functions 

你们社会中，任何一种所谓的“疾病”，都有很多种不同的作用



And can always allow the individual who has co-created the disease within themselves to get in touch with different portions of themselves. 

每一次生病，都是患者共同创造的结果，都可以使他接触到自己（意识）的不同部分。



First of all, recognize that, generally speaking, the fundamental reason that an individual creates a disease is to force themselves to look at certain portions of themselves that they were not willing to look at 

首先，要知道：通常来说，一个人生病的根本原因，就是要强迫他去面对那些属于他自己的，却不愿意面对的部分



Or perhaps did not believe that they could integrate within themselves in an easier fashion, 

或者说，他们不相信自己可以很容易融合的这些部分。



Because in your society, they had not been taught to believe it could be re-integrated easily. 

因为在你们的社会里，从来都没人教过他们，要融合这些部分，其实很容易。



So they have brought themselves many times to a point where they have suppressed many portions of the ideas of their consciousness that they now wish to look at in their exploration of integration. 

所以，他们不断地压抑这部分意识，这也就是为什么，他们经常把自己带入不得不面对的境地——生病。于是，他们开始愿意面对这部分意识，开始探索它们、融合它们。



But because they have not been taught that it is an easy thing to do, they create a situation which relieves them of the responsibility and forces the situation upon them, so that they cannot back out of it.

但由于从来都没人教过他们这么做其实很容易，所以，他们给自己创造的结果就是：免除了自己对疾病的责任，迫使自己接纳现状，于是，他们就难以从中脱离。



Often times many diseases simply are for that purpose and a person will go through the disease, no matter how "Devastating" Or "Radical" It seems in your terminology, and come out the other end just fine 

通常，很多疾病都是为了这个目的。用你们的话说，不论是“病入膏肓”还是“回天乏术”，当一个病人完全经历了这场病，走出来后，还是汉子一个，女侠一枚（愿意：还可以）。



But when they come out, they will not be the same person that went in.

但当他们走出来后，相比进去之前（刚生病时），却不再是同一个人



because they are now a different definition, a different equation, a different vibrational matrix, a different frequency, a different idea. 

因为，如今他们有着不同的定义、不同的平衡、不同的振动矩阵、不同的振频，和不同的理念。



They are a completely different person—literally. 

他们已经是一个完全不同的人！彻底不同！



They can allow themselves to circumvent any idea of needing a disease to show them these portions of themselves if they are willing to accept the fact that they can allow these portions of themselves to come to the surface to be integrated in an easy manner. 

但如果一个人对于自己内在的原先不愿意接受，不愿意融合的部分，如今可以允许它们走到台面上，并且知道自己可以很容易地融合它们，那他就可以避免疾病，就不需要通过病痛来向自己展示这一部分意识。



And, there is nothing—nothing, nothing, NOTHING—within themselves that they could ever discover that they ever truly need to fear can hurt them or destroy them. 

并且，他们在自己内在根本找不到任何需要害怕的东西，也找不到任何可以伤害他们的东西，或者可以毁灭他们的东西。



You follow me so far? 

我说的这些，你能懂吗？



问：

Yes. 

是的



巴夏：

The idea is, if she is willing to be in touch with certain portions of herself, one way it can be balanced is through the idea of visualization...if she is willing. 

你的这位患者如果愿意接触自己内心的某些（负面）部分，愿意融合它们的话，那有一种方法可以转化它们，使她达到意识平衡的状态，就是“视觉化”（想象）



But there are many doorways we perceive within that entity that have yet to be opened to allow the contents through into the light to be integrated so that being can become a whole being. 

但是，据我所感知到的，她内在还有很多扇“门”属于关闭状态。这些门可以通过“视觉化”来打开，从而让这部分（负面）的意识通过它们，进入到光中，并且被融合。然后，她就会成为完整的“她”。



Another idea we might suggest which may be of assistance is to allow that being to recognize this fundamental idea: 

另一种对她可能有所帮助的方法，就是让她认识到这个基本理念：



If they can in their visualizations of themselves picture or image, or feel what would be an idealized version of what they imagine they could be 

如果她在自己的“视觉化”中能够看到“理想的自己”的某个画面、场景，或者感受到“理想化的自己”的感受



Then that individual can recognize if they can imagine it—in that moment they actually are that vibration. 

只要她能想象的到，那么，在那个当下她的振频就是“理想化的自己”的振频。这个基本的理念，她需要明白。



If they are willing to continue to believe that their imagination is just as real as physical reality, that physical reality is only a product of your imagination anyway, 

你还可以继续教她：她的想象力跟她（所创造）的实相一样真实，实相只是她的想象力的产物。



Then they do not necessarily have to believe that once they have had the envisionment, there "Has to be" A continuing process in order to become what they or you have imagined themselves to be. 

只要她能够想象的到“理想的自己”，那她就不需要经历一系列连续的过程，才能成为这样的自己。



You can teach this individual that to conceive of a state they desire to be in does not have to be the beginning of a process, it can be the end of a process. 

如果她能够构想出自己“渴望的状态”，那让自己直接“是”这种状态，并不一定是过程的开始，也可以是过程的结尾。

（译者注：不需要经历某个过程，才可以成为。立地可成佛！）



All they need to do is act like they ARE what they envision themselves to be 

她需要做的全部，就是在行动中表现得像是“理想的自己”（思言行）



And then they will allow themselves to be the person that, by definition, does not have cancer. 

然后，她就会成为自己所新定义的“自己”，也就是一个没有癌症的人



Another idea that may tap into this particular individual's subconscious and unconscious matrix, as we perceive their energy, is to recognize that any individual that is "In a situation" Has created that situation, conscious or otherwise, and recognize that they can create themselves to go into another situation. 

据我们对能量的感知得知：任何一个人，如果他陷入某种“情景”之中，那实际情况是他有意识地，或者无意识地创造了这样的“情景”。所以，第三种方法就是：可以进入这个人的潜意识，或者无意识矩阵，让他明白他可以创造出让自己进入另一种“情景”的实相。



Remember, no matter what tools seem to be responsible for effecting the change, the individual is always the one that effects the change. 

记住：无论使用任何工具，带来的任何改变，能够影响结果的，永远都是她（当事人）