巴夏：真的存在“阿卡西记录”？
巴夏Bashar 2019-12-04



We have recently talked about the idea that has been so popular in your metaphysical circles for now quite some time that you called the Akashic Records.

我们最近谈论了你们的形而上学界已有一段时间相当受欢迎的概念，也就是你们所谓的「阿卡西纪录」。



Oh, sounds impressive.

喔！听起来让人印象深刻。



But the idea really is that the way you refer to these things. The way you refer to this concept.

但是我们所谈的概念其实是：你们看待这些事物的方式，你们谈及这「阿卡西纪录」的观念。



"Akashic Records"actually brought about the question from an individual on your planet as follows.

「阿卡西纪录」曾真的被一位你们地球上的人向我提出这样的问题：




"Bashar."

「巴夏」。



"Yes", I said.

「是的」，我回答。



"Can anyone access the Akashic Records?"

「有任何人能够取得阿卡西纪录吗？」



"Are you able to access the Akashic Records?"

「你能够取得阿卡西纪录吗？」



Thus then, when the question is presented this way, it demonstrates very clearly that the way you're actually defining this concept, creates a sense of separation, as if the Akashic Records was somehow, some repository, somewhere out in the universe, so and some dimensional plan that you need some special keys to unlock and access.

就是这样在问。当这问题以此方式被提问，便很清楚地说明了「你们实际是如何在定义这概念」(如何在定义「阿卡西纪录」)——创造出一种「分离」的意思，好像在说阿卡西纪录是以某种方式被贮藏在某处，远在宇宙中的某地方，你需要某维度的蓝图和特别的钥匙才能打开而获取。



Think about this for a moment:

思考一下这一点：



In light of what we've already started to talk about here. If you understand that everything is ONE, and you understand that everything is Here and Now.

鉴于我们在此已说过的，如果你了解万物都是「一体」的，并明白一切都存在于此处和此刻。



Then it isn't about the idea of everything that happens being recorded. It's simply the idea that everything that exists, exists.

那么，这概念就不是关于「一切事物是否被记录下来」，这概念只是「一切存在的事物都存在」。



Here and now, and therefore, of course, you have access to all that information.

一切都存在于此处和此刻，因此，当然，你有获取所有信息的管道(可以取得所有信息)。



Not because it's recording somewhere, but because it's here and now alive in present time.

并非因为它被记录在某处，而是因为它活生生地存在于当下，存在于此处和此刻。



It doesn't need to be recorded in the fabric of space and time.

它不需要被记录在时空的结构中。



It is the fabric of space and time. It is the here and now.

它就是构造出时空的建构物。它是此处和此刻。



It's simply other versions, other perspectives of the ONE, of the Here, of the Now.

它只是「一」(一体)的其他版本、其他观点，它只是「此时此处」的其他版本、其他观点。



So, by using the term "Akashic Records", it's alright as an euphemism, but you see it can mislead you.

所以说，若你用「阿卡西纪录」为一种委婉说词，并没有关系，但是，你明白吗，这说法可能会误导你。



It can create the misunderstanding that this somehow is a repository, existing somewhere in the infinite depth of space and time.

它会产生错误的认知，让你们误以为它应该是某种宝库，存在于无垠时空深处中的某处。



How do we find it?  And how do we access it?

我们如何找到它呢？我们如何接近它呢？



You're looking out there for it; you're looking up there for it; you're looking down there for it, you're looking over there for it; you're thinking of something that is recorded after the fact.

你在向外寻找、你在仰望寻找、你在俯视寻找，你到处在找寻它。你认为它是事实发生后被记录下来的东西。



As might happen in your technology or something is happening, and you're using your camera and tape to record something, and then you can play it back after the fact.

就如同发生在你们科技中的事情，你们运用相机和录像带记录事实，并能在事件发生后重复播放它。



Of course, we know that that's an illusion too, because everything is happening here and now.

当然，我们知道那也是个幻觉，因为一切事物都存在于此刻和此处。



But you can create that linear illusion, that linear perspective, and its actually happening after the fact that there's a cause and an effect which there isn't.

但你可以创造出那线性的幻觉和线性的观点，并认为事件的发生确实会有因果关系，而它却不然。



But you can create the experience of the cause and the effect, for your own processing purposes, for your own satisfaction, for your own, shall we say, ability to appreciate Creation in a unique way.

但你可以为你自己的人生进展、个人满足、个人目的，或这么说吧，以独特的方式欣赏体会造物主，等原因，创造「因果关系的体验」。



You can create that cause and effect, but it doesn't really exist.

你可以创造那样的因果关系，但它并不真的存在(因为一切，包括因果，都同时存在于当下)。



You're making those connections between things that appear to be separate, but are simply different coexisting simultaneously existing experiences that both exist at the same time. One did not cause to the other.

你只是让那些「因」与「果」之间的连结看似分离，但它们只是同时在体验「两者都同时存在于当下」的两个不同事物。并非其一造成其二(彼此间并非真的有因果关系，只是可以有因果的「体验」)。



But you can make it seem as if one thing cause to another.

但是你可以让它「看似」其一造成其二(看似彼此间具有因果关系)。



That's why we often say: "It's not about an end, in a sense, or a means to an end."

那也是为何我们常说：就某种意义上，不是关于「结果」，或某一手段(方法)达成某一结果。



The means and the end both coexist at the same. But if you make a connection between them, you can create that experience for your own gratification.

各种方法和结果是同时存在的。但若你将两者连结在一起，你就能创造出那一「经验」来满足你自己。



The means and the end both coexist at the same. But if you make a connection between them, you can create that experience for your own gratification.

各种方法和结果是同时存在的。但若你将两者连结在一起，你就能创造出那一「经验」来满足你自己。



But that’s simply a unique experience of things that exist simultaneously.

但那只是「事物都同时存在于当下」的一个独特体验。



And the thing that’s new, even though everything already exists as a structure, as a framework, the thing in a sense that is new is your experience of it, your perspective of it.

而所谓「新的」东西，即使一切事物已经以一种结构、以一种架构般地存在，那个新的东西，就某种意义上，只是你对它的(新)「体验」和你对它的(新)「观点」。



And that experience is the new thing, and that experience is what adds from your unique perspective, to the experience that All That Is having of itself in the here and now.

而那「体验」即是新的东西，那体验是从你独特观点中添加进来的「新的」东西，加进「一切万有」在此处此刻对祂自己的体验。



So, even though the framework exists, and in a sense, doesn’t change the experience of the framework does. And that’s what we mean when we say: “Everything changes.“

因此，就某种意义上，虽然架构存在，并不改变架构在做的体验。而这也是当我们说「一切事物都在改变」时所说的意思。



It isn’t the framework changes; it isn’t the realities change.

在改变的并非架构(架构并没有改变)，在改变的并非实相(各种实相都已存在)。



All of that is laid out; all of that structure already exists and always will.

一切都已展现陈列在当下，所有的结构早已存在，而且会永远存在。



That’s the fundamental structure of the Nature of Existence, and that’s why it’s easy to see, because it never shifts. It never changes.

这是「万物存在的本质」的基本结构，这就是为什么它不难被看见的原因，因为它永不转变，它永远不变。



The whole structure is always the whole structure, but the experiences, the perspectives, the relationship of your unique perspective to that structure is what changes.

整个结构永远是整个结构，永不改变。但改变的是：你的体验、你的观点，以及你和「你对结构的独特观点」的关系。



That’s what we mean when we say: “Everything changes.“

这就是我们说的：「一切都会改变」的意思。



That’s the Fourth law. It’s your experience, your perspective that changes.

这即第四个法则。在改变的，是你的体验、你的观点。


影片摘自：2012-Bashar 2.0

译者Jimmy，译有多本《与神对话》