巴夏Bashar：眼睛是心灵的窗户
笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2015-11-16


问：

This is an interesting question

这是一个很有趣的问题



What is the spiritual significance of eye contact

眼神交会，有什么灵性意义吗？



巴夏：

As we have defined, you will find that as you connect with more and more and more of your being

如我们说的，随着你与内在自我的连接越来越多，你会发现



All the communication that will be necessary will be that which in essence is represented

你所有的交流，其实只需要眼睛



by the vibrations that emanate and passed through your eyes.

通过眼睛散发的振频，就可以传递所有信息



Which is why you instinctively know that they are the window to the soul

这就是为什么，你们本能地知道：眼睛是心灵的窗户



So communication to the higher mind, to the individuated soul, and to the oversoul

所以，与高我、个人灵魂以及超灵的沟通



can be had empathically and telepathically just by staring into each other's eyes

可以通过凝视对方的眼睛，产生心灵感应与共鸣



You will know yourselves and know each other very deeply,

如此，你会更深入地了解你自己，了解对方



when you become proficient at that communication

当然，这需要练习，从而熟练掌握这样的沟通方式



This is why in many encounters with extraterrestrial beings, you notice the eyes

这就是为什么，在多次与外星人接触中，你们都会注意到他们的眼睛



And why the eyes are in many cases so much larger than your own.

多个案例中，你们都发现，他们的眼睛都比你们的大



Because the eyes are literally physiologically representative of the size of the higher mind, the soul and the oversoul that is being reflected by that being

因为眼睛的大小，反应了一个人与高我、灵魂以及超灵的连接程度



And that is why in the future, your eyes will also increase in size to some degree

这就是为什么，在未来，你们的眼睛也会在一定程度上变大



问：

When you look in the mirror and you stare into your own eyes,

照镜子时，你凝视着自己的眼睛



巴夏：

It is a way of knowing yourself more deeply.

这样可以帮助你，更深入了解你自己



If you are willing to receive what it is you will see

如果你愿意接受你所看到的



If you are willing to be open and honest to what you discover by doing so,

如果你愿意敞开，并真心去探索



It will allow you to interact with your reflection

你就能与“镜中的你”交流互动



as though your reflection is actually a parallel reality version of you,

让你感觉“镜中的你”，似乎是平行世界里，另一个版本的你



Which it actually is

事实上，也是如此



You think that the mirrors on your planet are actually reflecting you, they're not.

你认为镜子是在反射你，非也！



They are actually windows into parallel reality versions of yourself.

镜子，其实是你接触“平行世界版”的你的窗口



Once you know that

一旦你明白这点



you will be able to glean and extract a lot of information from the parallel reality versions of yourself

你就能从另一个“你”中，获取大量信息



that are somewhat similar, But are having a slightly different experience than you are,

你们俩看似一样，其实人生体验却有点不同



And you can if you surround yourself with many mirrors,

如果你能在身边布满镜子



as in what you call your hall of mirrors

就是你们所说的“镜子大厅”



and see multiple reflections as in your infinity mirrors

你在看似无限的镜子中，看见多重反射的自己



Actually allow yourself more capability of interaction with multiple parallel versions of your being.

这会增强你与多重宇宙多版本的你互动交流的能力



And this can also connect you back to the oversoul perspective

这也可以将你连接到你的超灵视角



Because the oversoul is not just about the idea of connecting to people

因为超灵不仅仅把你与其他人连起来



that you would consider to be very different from yourself that are shards of the same egg shell.

这些人，你认为你们非常不同，但也是同一个蛋壳出分裂的不同碎片



It can also be used to connect to the multitude of the different versions of yourself

超灵，同时也把你跟众多的不同版本的你，连起来



that even seem to be identical in different parallel reality versions of earth.

这些“你”几乎一样，生活在的平行世界里的地球上



That may be experiencing a slightly or a very different life, than you are experiencing.

你们的经历可能有点不同，或有很大的不同



And yet look very similar to the way you look

但你们的长相却几乎一样



问：

So it must be this and that,

所以是，这种情况“和”那种情况



not this or that.

不是，这种情况“或”那种情况



巴夏：

Yes it just depends upon the perspective from which you are looking

是的，这取决于你所看的视角



It's totally holographic

一切都是全息影像



and you can look at it from the idea of a typical historical timeline

你可以以典型的历史时间线来看（线）



Or you can look at it from the perspective of multiple versions of yourself on multiple versions of earth

或从多版本地球，多版本的你来看（面）



And you can look at it as each and every one of you, in a sense,

你也可以把一切人事物，都当成你



Because everything is one, is another parallel reality version of you

因为，一切为“一”，都是另一个版本的“你”



Every being is another parallel reality version of you

每个存在体，都是另一个平行世界的版的“你”



from a completely different point of view.

体验着另一个完全不同的“视角”



Even those that are in your own time frame.

包括那些在你们的时间架构里的



That's why in many encounters that you have with extraterrestrial beings,

这就是为什么，在多次的外星人接触中



Many people continue to report that one of the most common lines you are told by them is

许许多多的报道里，都常见一句，他们说的话：



You are us

“你们就是我们！”



from another point of view is the end of that sentence

“从另一个角度”， 然后“句号”



Does that help?

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Immensely!

非常大的帮助