巴夏：网络发展 与 心灵能力的觉醒
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-10-27

问：

Over the past few years, humans have become connected in an unprecedented way through social media and the internet 

在过去的几年里，通过互联网与社交媒体，人类以前所未有的方式连接在一起



I'm curious your thoughts on social media and how we can use it to benefit humanity 

我很好奇，也想知道：你如何看待网络与社交媒体？以及我们该如何使用它们，来造福人类？



巴夏：

Like anything, of course, it can be used positively or negatively, 

当然，像任何事物一样，可以用在正面上，也可以用在负面上



which often it is on your planet. 

这种情况，尤其经常发生在你们星球上



But the ideas that it is a representation, a symbolic beginning of the idea of recognizing how connected all of you actually are 

但它们其实是你们开始认识到“自己与万物紧密相连”的一个象征物，一个标志



And it is the beginning, the very, very early beginnings, the seed of the concept of awakening into the telepathic communication you can all experience with each other when you're on the same wavelength, 

也是你们心灵感应式交流（能力）的觉醒的最最初期阶段，（也就是）只要你们在同一波段上，你们就能经验到“心灵感应”



问：

Amazing! Thank you, so much! 

太棒了！太谢谢您了！



巴夏：

And it is also something that can start to entrain you to understand that information is accessible everywhere, everywhen, no matter, where you are. 

在互联网与社交媒体环境的浸润下，你们渐渐明白：信息，随时随地都可以获取，而不论你身在何处



As long as your frequency match the information that you seek, that will be the information you receive 

只要你的频率，与你所寻求的信息的频率匹配一致，那么，你就能接收到你所寻求的信息



This so-called idea of the Akasic Records is an outdated old-fashioned way of talking about the fact that information is simply available everywhere, everywhen, 

而所谓的“阿卡西记录”，只不过是对“信息随时随地皆可获取”这个事实的一个过时、旧有的说法



Because everything is here and now. 

因为，一切都存在于此时此地



So if you simply match the frequency of a particular idea, that is the information that will holographically be presented to 

如果你将自己的频率调整到 某一特定的信息所在的频率，那么，这个信息，就会以全息的方式，呈现给你



And therefore, the idea of the interconnections on your social media and your ability to search the internet are the beginnings of going into a state of being, that can allow those particular attributes and abilities to grow 

因此，你们能够通过社交媒体相互连接，以及能够通过互联网搜索、获取信息，是你们早期调整自己进入这样的存在状态（频率）的方式，从而“训练”自己这些方面的特性与能力，使之不断增强



Since channeling is a natural state. 

因为，通灵是你们天然、自然的状态



Anytime that's why we encourage you to follow your passion, because anytime you are acting on your passion, your in a channeling state 

这也是为什么 我们一直鼓励你们“跟随你们的激情”，因为，任何时候，当你们跟随自己的激情，你们就处在最自然（通灵）的状态



Yes? 

明白了吗？



问：

Yeah! 

是的！



巴夏：

Does that help? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

That helps! Thank you so much for being here. 

有帮助！非常感谢您的到来！



巴夏：

You are so welcome. 

不客气！