巴夏：身体是什么？
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-11-03


Your reality does not have a mind of its own. 

你的世界（实相），并没有祂自己的意识。



It cannot change without you. 

少了你，祂不可能改变。



You can pretend this is so, but there really is no such thing as saying, "Well, it just happened that way. I don't know why, it just happened. " 

有些人可能会说的：“呜呜……事情就这么发生了，我不知为什么，但事实就是如此”……虽然你们可以假装“事实就是如此”，但事实根本不可能就是如此。



Life does not happen to you; it happens through you. 

生活，并非发生在你身上，而是通过你才能发生。



Because each and every one of you are the eyes of Creation. Every being in Creation is yet one more way that Creation has of seeing itself from a different angle, a different perspective. 

因为你们每个人，每个存在于造物主之内的每个造物，都是造物主的眼睛，这样造物主就能够从另一个不同的角度、不同的视角来观看祂自己。



But you have been created as an "I" with free will. 

你，被造物主创造出来，命名为“我”，但你却拥有自由意志。



You can decide what aspect of Creation you will see and how you will see it. 

你可以决定观看造物主的哪一方面，以及如何观看。



Many of you have been taught to think that your physical senses are used to "see" reality. 

你们中的很多人，在经过后天的教育后，都认为你的身体感官是用来“看”世界的。



You have been taught to think that your physical senses are windows that allow you to see the Universe. 

你们的教导，让你们认为：身体感官是窗户，让你们可以看见世界。



In a sense, this is true; 

某种程度上讲，这种说法是对的。



However, your senses are not as much a window as they are a filter, keeping out 99% of everything you don't need to see, or want to see. 

但更确切地说，你们的感官并不是窗户，更像是“过滤器”，过滤掉99%你不需要看到的，或者不想看的东西。



Your senses allow you to see only the reality you believe in most strongly, that's what they are for. 

你的身体感官让你可以看见你最为相信的世界，而这才是身体的目的。



When you expand your awareness of what you could be seeing, your senses will expand to include that. 

当你能扩展你所见到的世界的觉察力（意识），那你的感官也将扩展，并且将所扩展的部分包容进来（意思：你能感知到你所扩展的意识）。



To some degree there will be limits to what it is you can experience with your senses as long as you remain as a physical being. 

只要你还存活在肉体之中，那么在一定程度上，你通过肉体感官所能体验到的世界，都会有一定的限制。



But it has far more leeway than many of you have been taught to think about what you could be seeing in your physical reality. 

但这种限制，比你们社会所教给你们的“你所能看到的物质世界”，有更多的灵活性（余地）。



Not only do you exclude 99. 999% of all reality when it comes to focusing on your physical dimension, it is even understood by some of your own scientists that your senses exclude 99. 999% of your physical dimension. 

当你们关注在你们的物质维度时，你们的感官不仅仅过滤掉所有实相中的99.999%，还把你们维度中的99.999%的实相也给过滤掉，这一点你们的科学家已经明白了。



You can only see within a very small range of light and hear within a very small range of sound. 

你们只能看见极小范围的光，也只能听见极小范围的声音。



As you expand your vision and your insight, you begin to become sensitized to more of the energy that is around you all the time. 

而当你不断扩展你的视野和洞察力，渐渐地，你会对一直存在于你周围的能量变得更加敏感。



Therefore, not only your physical vision, but your non-physical "insight vision" will become more sensitized to more forms of information. 

变敏感的不仅仅包括你的物质视力（第三眼），还包括你的非物质的“视力”，也就是你能感知到各种形式的信息。



That is why now in your transformational age, many individuals are beginning to see things that are "not there" and hear things that are "not there. " 

这就是为什么，在这个转化时期，很多人开始看见“不在那里”的东西，听到“不在那里”的声音。



But those things are there—just on a different frequency from your own. 

但这些东西就在那里，只是和你的频率不同罢了。





