巴夏：害怕什么吸引什么
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-11-08 22:54


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年10月21日




问：下个问题是关于害怕错误机会，
And perhaps, this next question actually illuminate some of those ideas, like the idea of "FOMO", fear of missing out,



很多人在社交媒体上都有过这样的经历，比如感觉自己错失了良机。
that many people experience as in social media as well as things like, feeling like they've missed the boat those ideas.

巴夏：恩，这种情况自相矛盾的事实是，
Yeah, that's the paradoxical oxymoronic truth of that situation,

错过的唯一方式就是花时间担心你会错过，
The only way to miss out is to spend time worrying that you're missing out,

这就是你错过的方式。
That's how you miss out.

如果你不老想你会错过一些东西，
If you don't focus on the idea that you're missing something,

然后你就可以放松地进入你的心流，
Then you can relax into the current into your flow,

让你的人生按照它需要的方式展开，
And let your life unfold in the way that it needs to,

信任它展开的方式，
Trusting the way that it unfolds,



让同步性指引你，带给你所需要的东西。
And allowing synchronicity to guide you and bring you what you need.

害怕错过是你错过的方式，
Fear of missing out is the way you miss out,

这就是悖论所在。
That's the Paradox.

问：这是通过负面信念过滤你的能量，会造成痛苦，因为你觉得你错过了。
And that's filtering your energy through a negative belief which is going to create suffering, because you feel like you're missing out.

巴夏：没错，它会通过这种感觉来强化自己，
Exactly, it reinforces itself with the feeling,

就好像这是真的一样，
As if that's really going on,

这是一个事实，我觉得我错过了，
It's a fact I feel like I'm missing out,

我觉得我错过了，我现在要表现得像错过了一样。
I think I'm missing out, I'm now going to behave like I'm missing out.

这就是负面信念在自我强化，
That's the negative belief simply reinforcing itself,

这样它看起来真实而确凿。
So that it appears real and factual.

而事实上，这只不过是意识的投射幻觉，
When in fact it's nothing, but a projected illusion of consciousness,

因为你有一个信念相信这是真的，
Because you have a belief that it is true,

这就是信念的工作原理。
That's how beliefs work.



所以理解这一点，然后意识到悖论是你会因为害怕你会错过而错过，这可以阻止你有那种恐惧，
So understanding that, and then realizing that the Paradox is you will miss out by fearing you will miss out can stop you from having that fear,

放松下来，理解事物的实际运作方式，
And relaxing into the understanding of how things actually work,

让它们为你工作，
And letting things work for you,

允许它们工作，而不是试图让它们通过你的物质小我头脑结构工作，
Allowing them to work, rather than trying to make them work through your physical mind's ego structure,

因为你的物质头脑的小我不是用来控制事物或使事物运转的，
Because your physical mind's ego is not designed to control things or make things work,

它被设计为是为了让你有一个清晰的物理体验，
It's designed to allow you to have a clear physical experience,

这就是设计它的目的。
That's all it's designed to do.

所以你必须允许你的高我与你一起工作，
So you have to allow your higher mind to work with you,

指引你，带给你所需，
And guide you and bring you what you need,

因为当你不再害怕你会错过什么时，它就会自动发生，
Because it will happen automatically, when you stop being afraid that you're missing something,

你错过一些东西的方式就是害怕你会错过。
That's how you miss something is being afraid that you're missing out.

End