巴夏：和死去的亲人之间的多世链接
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-01-03 21:37




译者：Daniela



问：I lost mymother behind the Iron Curtain, and I was very close to her…

我在铁幕封锁之后失去了我的母亲，我和她的关系曾经非常亲密……



巴夏： Lost?

失去？



问：Yes, she died.I couldn’t get her out.

是的，她去世了。我没能把她救出来。



巴夏：That does notmean she is lost.

这并不意味着你失去她。



问： Yes. I wouldlike to know what is happening to her.

是的。我想知道她现在怎么样。



巴夏：Time frame ofwhat you call physiological death?

她生理死亡的时间是什么？



问：About 56. I amguessing. The name is Helen. I think she died from hunger and probably cancer.

当时她大约56岁，她的名字叫海伦。我想她可能死于饥饿，可能还有癌症。



巴夏：As far as wecan perceive, and at this time it is only our perception, basically you arereferring now to an individual, still female, approximately 13 years of age. Asyou would say, reincarnated. You follow me?

就我们目前能够感知的信息而言，你提到的（那个人）现在仍旧是一个人类，还是女性，大约13岁。你们管这个叫“转世”。明白吗？



问：Right.

好的。



巴夏：Our firstsensing or spanning of the timeline would be that the individual reincarnatedin the area you call Finland. If the individual is still there -- it isprobable that she is not -- but if she is still there she is on the verge,within the next two or three of your years, of working out all of the pastconnections to the other life in that area. Then she will move from that area,if she has not done so already. The primary focus may be either in one of threelocations -- either somewhere in Europe, somewhere in your United States, orsomewhere in Canada. This is what we feel we can share at this time. Will thisdo?

我们对时间线的感知是：这个人在你们所说的芬兰地区转世了。如果这个人现在还在那里（芬兰地区）--她很可能已经不在了--但如果她还在那里的话，她也是处于将要离开的状态，在接下来的两三年里，她即将解决与那个地区的其他生命的旧有联系。然后她会从那个区域转移，转移的地方可能在以下三个地方之一：欧洲，美国，加拿大。这就是我们目前可以分享的内容。这些信息可以吗？



问：Yes. Can yousee my coming back to her? I feel like there is some kind of great involvement.

是的。你能看到我是否会回到她身边吗？我感觉我们之间有很深的链接。



巴夏：There isalways a great involvement. Do not forget that karma is completelyself-imposed. It is not something that is imposed upon you from outside. Butyou have always interacted very closely in many lives, many lives.

人和人之间总是有很深的链接。不要忘记，业力完全是自我施加的。它不是从外面强加给你们的东西。你和你的母亲在许多世中一直有非常密切的互动，很多很多世。



And you will find it is possible that you mayphysiologically meet again, and recognize her when you see her. But we perceivethat at this point it is not necessarily in the high end of the percentage.However, communicate with her you do quite often in your dream realities, whenyou are out of your body. You follow me?

而且你会发现，你们可能在物质世界里再次相遇，当你看到她时，会认出她。但我们感觉，在你和你母亲之间保持链接的所有可能形式中，在物理世界相遇并认出她这件事发生的可能性并不是最大可能性。反而是，在你的梦境中，当你离开你的身体时，你确实经常与她链接。你能听懂吗？



问：Good.

好的。



巴夏：One moment...(long pause) ... If you will focus -- in your meditations, in your imagination-- on a very slender 13-year-old brown-haired female, long brown hair tied backin a single ponytail. This may assist in bringing the vibration closer, andallowing more conscious memory of the communications you are having in yourdream state.

请稍等.. 如果你将注意力集--在你的冥想中，在你的想象中—观想一个非常苗条的13岁棕发女性，棕色长发扎成一个马尾辫。这可能有助于拉近你们的振动频率，也有助于你有意识的记住你们在梦境中沟通的内容。



Now, if you are willing to allow us, we can also sensethat there may be an opportunity for you to function as a non-physical guidefor this individual later in her life. And then after that, an opportunity foryou to incarnate together at the same time, in another life altogether -- onceagain. For now this is what we can share.

现在，如果你愿意，我们也可以感觉到，你也有可能在这个人以后的生活中成为一个非物质状态的引导者。然后在那之后，你们可能会共同转化为一个人类，共同的、再一次开始另一个生命。就目前而言，这就是我们可以分享给你的信息。



问：By the nameof?

她叫什么名字？



巴夏：This may onlybe an approximation. At this point we will suggest that you do not take usliterally, for it may only be representative of her energy, and it may not bethe colloquially naming vibration upon your planet. But our perception is thatsomething similar to what you would call Fria. Thank you.

这可能只是一个近似的发音。我们建议你不要按字面意思去理解，因为我所说的这个发音也可能只是代表她的能量，可能不是你们星球上的名字。在我们看来，她的发音与你们所说的“Fria”相似。谢谢你。



问：Thank you.

谢谢你。

