巴夏：幸存者负罪感
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-06-06 23:59



问：作为幸存者负罪感的一个例子，

So as an example survivor guilt,



有没有方法转化它，或者它是发生在更深的层面上？

Is there a way to transmute that is or is that happening at such a deep level?



它看起来还是跟平常的罪恶感不一样。

And it still seems a little different than normal.



巴夏：不是，

It is not,



没有什么不同，

It is not different.



因为它仍然是怀有负面信念的结果，认为你本来能够做一些事情，

Because it still is the result of harboring a negative belief that you could have done something,



在某种意义上，它剥夺了他人选择去世的权力，

And in some senses it robs other individuals who may have passed on of their choices.



所以为你还活着，而别人却死了感到内疚是荒谬的，

So to be guilty about the fact that you are still alive while someone else may have died is again nonsensical,



因为你没有允许自己，或者允许他们从更高的层面上做出他们的选择，

Because you are not allowing yourself or allowing them to have made their choices from a higher level.



你没有相信事情发生的时机，

You're not trusting the timing of what's going on,



这并不意味着导致死亡的原因在未来对其他人来说不能减轻，不能改变，

Now this doesn't mean that the idea of what causes the death cannot be mitigated cannot be changed in the future for other people.



但是无论发生了什么，

But the idea of whatever it is that does happen,



即使是它导致了他人的死亡，一定要认识到这是他们的选择或者人生主题或者信念系统的结果，甚至是无意识的选择，

Even if it results in someone else's death must simply be recognized as the result of belief systems or themes or choices that they have made even unconsciously.



为自己还活着感到内疚，

And to be guilty about being someone who remains alive,



在某种意义上，这是对他们所做的选择的侮辱，

In some sense dishonors the choices that they made,



不如利用这些来改变你的生活，改变你对他们（去世的人）关系的认识，

Instead of utilizing those to make differences in your own life and in your own understanding about your connection to those who have passed on into spirit.



所以幸存者负罪感只是一种残留的认识：即你一直持有对你活着的价值，对你做的选择有负面的基于恐惧的信念，

So survivor guilt again is simply a residual recognition of the fact that you've been holding on to fear-based beliefs and negative beliefs about your own worthiness to be alive about the choices you are making.



它可以以一种积极的方式用来纠正你生活中可能出现的任何误解、曲解或误判，

And it can be used in a positive way to correct anything that might have been a misunderstanding a misinterpretation or a miscalculation in your own life.



但是一直内疚并不会让你前进，也不会让你与逝者发展出一种明显可辨的，可以服务你，并且尊重他们的选择的关系。

But the idea of holding on to the guilt does not allow you to move forward nor does it allow you to develop a recognizable relationship with those who have passed on in a way that can serve you and in a way that honors them for their choices.