巴夏：期待什么看到什么
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-11-18 23:40


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年10月21日



问：这个问题是关于濒死体验的，
Okay, and this is about near-death experiences,


许多濒死体验非常相似，但又非常独特。
Many NDES are very similar, and yet distinctively unique.


我听过许多基督徒描述他们的濒死体验，以及他们如何最终遇见耶稣，
I have listened to many Christians describe their NDES, and how they end up meeting Jesus,


当穆斯林死后，他们会见到穆罕默德吗？
And when Muslims die do they meet Muhammad?



佛教徒会遇见佛陀吗？
Do Buddhists meet Buddha?



犹太人会遇到摩西吗？
Do Jews meet Moses?


我的意思是由于个人的信念，当你挂了的时候，你会得到你所期望的，对吗？
I mean it's the belief that this person has is that when you die you get what you expect, is that correct?


巴夏：在很多情况下，是的，这会发生，这取决于你对那个特定宗教的虔诚程度以及你在过世时的期望，
In many cases, yes, that will happen depending upon the level of devoutness you have to that particular religion and the expectations you do have in crossing over,


许多这样的遭遇可能是，也可能不是你所认为的真实存有，
Now many of those encounters may or may not actually be what you would recognize as the authentic being,


它可能是指导Ling以那种方式出现，
It might be a spirit guide presenting itself that way way,


因为你有期望，而不是它真正作为自己出现，无论你想称之为什么名字。
Because of the expectation, rather than it literally being the being known as whatever name you wish to insert there.


然而，有时它可以是那个存有，在许多情况下，
However, sometimes it can be that being, and in many cases,


取决于那个人期望看到的存有本身，
Depending upon the being itself that one expects to see,


即使它是指导L，也可能是那个存有的一个面向，
Even if, it's a spirit guide that could still be an aspect of that being,


但它允许指导L以那种方式代表它。
But it allows the spirit guide to represent it in that way.


因为指导L和过世的人之间有某种联系，这会让那个人更容易与之关联起来，
Because there is something about the connection that the spirit guide has to the person crossing over, that will make it easier for that person to relate,


因为有时候遇到真实的存有本身，对很多期待在某种情境下看到它的人来说，有时会有点难以承受，
Because sometimes meeting the being itself the authentic being may sometimes be a little overwhelming for many people that expect to see the being in a certain context,


这种情境可能并不一定是那个存有真实呈现自己的方式，
And that context may not necessarily be the way that being authentically presents itself,


所以从某种意义上说，他们可能会允许另一个存有表现出过世者希望看到的那真实存有的一面，
So they may in a sense allow another being to represent just the facet of the authentic being that the one crossing over expects to see,


尽管这可能是一个他们的相对有限的版本。
Even though, that may be a relatively limited version of them.


End