巴夏：不给糖就捣蛋
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年11月23日 06:00 辽宁
前言

一个巴夏从达里尔安卡的未来意识中提取的故事，一个关于万圣节的故事，叫做“爱吃甜食的恶魔”。

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2021年10月23日

问：哦，还有人请求讲述一个万圣节故事。

Oh, and there was a request for a Halloween story.

巴夏：一个万圣节故事。好的。我们将从你们所认为的管道的未来意识中提取这个故事。换句话说，这是一个在他意识中的故事，他还没有意识到，并将在未来写下来。当然，他现在会意识到这一点，因为我们会把它印在他身上，这样他就可以比以前更快地写下来。这不是一种干涉，因为这些东西可以通过管道的意识提供给我们。

A Halloween story. All right. We are going to pull this story from what you would recognize as the channel's future consciousness.In other words, it's a story that's in his consciousness that he hasn't realized yet and will write in the future.Of course, he will realize it now because we'll imprint it on him and impress it on him so he could write it sooner than he otherwise would have done.This is not an interference because these things are available to us through the channel's consciousness.

既然这与他将要写的一个故事有关，那么我们现在就可以提取它，因为它是允许这样做的。这个故事被称为“爱吃甜食的恶魔”。杰克和吉尔，10岁的双胞胎。在万圣节前夕打扮得像骷髅。他们自己做这件事是因为杰克对特效化妆非常兴奋。他做得很出色，让他和他的双胞胎妹妹看起来就像《亡灵节》中的骷髅。

And since it has to do with a story that he will have written, then we can pull it now because it is allowed to do so.This is called The Demon with the Sweet Tooth. Jack and Jill, 10-year-old twins.Are made up like skeletons for Halloween. They have done this on their own because Jack is very excited about special effects makeup.And has done a wonderful job making he and his twin sister look just like Day of the Dead skeletons.

图片

他们在附近四处收集糖果。那天晚上，他们抵达了第13栋房子。一个打扮成小丑的女人打开了门。看着他们说，哦，多么惊奇的服装。这是给你们的糖果。他们很快说谢谢并转身走开，因为对他们来说，小丑甚至比骷髅还可怕。他们继续前进，到达了街区的尽头。他们沿着街区往下看，街区很黑。

And they go around in their neighborhood collecting candy. And they arrive at the 13th house that evening.And a woman opens the door who is dressed like a clown. And looks at them and says, oh, what wonderful costumes.Here is some candy for you.They very quickly say thank you and turn around and walk away because to them, clowns are even scarier than skeletons.And they continue on their way and arrive at the end of the block. And they look down the block and it is very dark.

路灯很少。然后吉尔说，好吧，也许我们应该走另一条路。然后杰克说，好吧，我们的姐姐瑞秋说，这个街区有一些最好的糖果。所以我们不应该害怕。然后吉尔说，但瑞秋应该和我们在一起。是的，杰克说，但现在她上高中了，她说陪伴两个年幼的孩子对她来说不如去参加聚会那么令人兴奋。她的万圣节派对。哦，有什么了不起的。大型成人聚会。所以现在我们只能靠自己了。

There are very few streetlights. And Jill says, well, maybe we should go the other way. And Jack says, well, our big sister, Rachel, has said that some of the best candy is on this block.So we shouldn't be afraid of that. And Jill says, but Rachel should have been with us. Yes, says Jack, but now she is in high school and says that chaperoning two young children is less exciting to her than going to her parties.Her Halloween parties. Ooh, big deal. Big grown-up parties. So we are now on our own for the moment.

所以，让我们沿着这个街区走下去，再收集一些糖果。所以吉尔不情愿地同意了，他们沿着街区往下走。他们可能走了不超过100英尺。一个巨大的、可怕的、恶魔般的小丑突然出现在他们面前，在风中对他们嚎叫。他们停住不动了，无法说话或奔跑。还有那个长着绿色眼睛的恶魔小丑。

So let us go down this block and collect some more candy. And so Jill reluctantly agrees and they move down the block.They don't get more than maybe about 100 feet when all of a sudden a huge, scary, demonic clown shows up in front of them and howls at them on the wind.And the demonic clown with glowing green eyes.Reaches out and snatches away their bags of candy and devours it in an instant.

图片

然后那个长着绿色眼睛的恶魔小丑。伸手抢走他们的糖果袋，瞬间狼吞虎咽。然后打嗝，闻起来就像下水道，然后消失了。然后杰克和吉尔大约需要一两分钟才能说话。当杰克说话时，他说，哇哦。然后吉尔说，哇哦，在这次可怕的经历之后，你只想说这些吗？哇哦！然后杰克说，嗯，那是我见过的最好的特技效果之一。然后吉尔说，你是说你相信那不是真的？

And the demonic clown with glowing green eyes.Reaches out and snatches away their bags of candy and devours it in an instant.And then belches and smells like a sewer and disappears.And it takes about a minute or two for Jack and Jill to be able to speak. And when Jack speaks, he says, wow.And Jill says, wow, that's all you have to say after that horribly frightening experience? Wow.And Jack says, well, that was some of the best special effects I've ever seen. And Jill says, you mean you believe that wasn't real?

他说，这怎么可能是真的，傻瓜？恶魔并非真实存在。我想你也仍然相信圣诞老人真实存在，不是吗？然后吉尔说，好吧，如果你确信的话，我们的糖果是怎么消失的？好吧，这是一个魔术，杰克说。你还记得在电视上看到那个魔术师让大象消失吗？嗯，相比之下，糖果应该更容易消失。好吧，我想知道这是谁干的，吉尔说。他们必须有一些惊人的技术来做这样的事情。

He says, how could it be, silly? Demons aren't real. I suppose you still believe in Santa Claus, too, don't you?And Jill says, well, if you're sure, well, how did our candy disappear? Well, it's a magic trick, says Jack.You remember seeing that magician on TV make that elephant disappear? Well, candy should be easy peasy by comparison.Well, I wonder who did that, said Jill. They must have some amazing technology to do something like this.

哦，是的，杰克说，可能是一个全息图，与我们没有看到的伪装的魔术师有关。谁知道呢？但这是一次非常可怕的经历。让我们沿着这个街区走，看看还能碰到什么。所以他们同意现在继续使用空袋子，必须再次装满。再一次，他们挨家挨户地获得更多糖果

Oh, yes, said Jack, probably a hologram connected with some magician in disguise that we didn't see.Who knows? But that was a wonderfully frightening experience. Let's go down this block and see what else we can find.So they agree to continue now with empty bags, having to need to fill them up again. And again, they go from house to house and get more candy.

图片

当他们完成第26栋房子时，再一次，两次13栋。恶魔小丑再次出现，在风中发出可怕的嚎叫，抢走他们的糖果，再次吞食，再次打嗝，然后离开，消失在阴影中。然后杰克和吉尔说，好了，够了。如果这种情况继续下去，我们就没有糖果了。我想知道谁是幕后黑手，他们是如何在街区的另一端再次做到这一点的。我们以为它可能就在他们家附近。但很明显，无论我们在哪里，他们都有能力做这样的事情。

And by the time they have finished with the 26th house, again, two times 13.The demon clown shows up again and with a horrible howl on the wind, snatches their candy away and devours it again and belches once more and leaves, vanishes into the shadows.And Jack and Jill said, all right, well, enough of this. We're not going to have any candy left if this continues.I wonder who's behind it and how they were able to do this again at the other end of the block.We thought maybe it would just be near their own house. But clearly they're capable of doing something like this no matter where we are.

所以让我们测试一下，因为我要确保这种情况不会再发生，因为我们需要保护我们的糖果。于是他们拿起空袋子，走到街区的另一边。再次，在他们到达第39栋房子后，三次13。果然，恶魔小丑再次出现，用它闪闪发光的绿色眼睛高高地俯瞰着他们，并伸出了手。但杰克和吉尔反应很快，把他们的糖果袋藏在背后。杰克说，不，你不能再吃我们的糖果了。

So let's test that because I'm going to make sure that this doesn't happen again because we need to keep our candy.So they pick up their empty bags and they go down the other side of the block. And again, after they reach the 39th house, three times 13.Sure enough, the demonic clown manifests again and towers over them with its glowing green eyes and reaches out.But Jack and Jill react quickly and hide their bags of candy behind their backs. And Jack says, no, you shall not have our candy again.

然后吉尔说，是的，走开，哦，恶魔小丑。他们对此哈哈大笑，因为，再次，他们很确定这只是一种特技效果。但当他们面对恶魔时，令人惊讶、震惊的是，恶魔小丑开始哭泣。随着它继续哭泣，它开始缩小。然后它继续哭泣，继续缩小。它缩小了，变成了一个七岁小男孩形象的鬼魂。这个七岁的小男孩鬼魂继续在他们面前哭泣，在他们眼前漂浮在空中。

And Jill says, yes, be gone, oh, demon clown. And they have a laugh about this because, again, they're pretty sure that this is just a special effect.But as they confront the demon, surprisingly, shockingly, the demon clown begins to cry.And as it continues to cry, it starts to shrink. And it continues to cry and continues to shrink.And it shrinks down and changes into the image, into the ghost of a seven-year-old little boy.And this seven-year-old little boy ghost continues to weep in front of them, floating in the air before their eyes.

图片

突然，杰克和吉尔认出了那个小男孩的鬼魂。乔希·格雷夫斯，杰克说，但你去年去世了。是的，鬼魂呜咽着说，我病了很久。我永远不能去玩“不给糖就捣蛋”。最后，我死了，从来没有经历过万圣节。所以我对那些到处玩“不给糖就捣蛋”的孩子们感到愤怒和嫉妒。并且想要抢夺。想抢走他们的糖果，因为如果我不能拥有它，你们也不能拥有它。

And suddenly, Jack and Jill recognize the little boy ghost. Josh Graves, Jack says, but you died last year.Yes, said the ghost, whimpering. I was sick for a very long time. And I could never go trick-or-treating.And finally, I died, never having experienced Halloween. And so I became angry and jealous of all the children that go around trick-or-treating.And want to snatch. And want to snatch their candy away, because if I can't have it, you can't have it.

杰克和吉尔对死去的小男孩感到同情。吉尔说：我有个注意。你现在为什么不和我们一起玩“不给糖就捣蛋”的游戏呢？你是认真的吗？乔希说。哦，是的，那会很有趣。因为你实际上可以在人们给我们糖果后吓到他们。因为你是个真正的幽灵。那会很有趣。好，那个小鬼男孩停止了抽泣，并答应了。我很乐意这么做。于是，他们三个人就溜走了，去玩“不给糖就捣蛋”的游戏。

And Jack and Jill felt compassion for the little boy who had died. And Jill said, I'll tell you what.Why don't you come trick-or-treating with us now? Do you mean it? said Josh. Oh, yes, it would be great fun.Because you can actually scare the people after they give us candy. Because you are a real ghost.And that would be so much fun. Well, the little ghost boy stopped his sniffling and said yes.I would love to do that. And so the three of them traipsed off and went trick-or-treating.

图片

收到了很多糖果，也吓坏了很多人。最后，杰克和吉尔说，你知道，我有个主意。你为什么不每年都来和我们一起玩“不给糖就捣蛋”的游戏呢？哦，我很乐意，乔希·格雷夫斯说。所以最后，他被一个活着的人交上了朋友，这个人可以让他以地球上应有的方式体验“不给糖就捣蛋”和万圣节。于是就在这段时间里，他返回了灵界。直到杰克和吉尔成为他的朋友，他才感受到自由。但每年他都会回来。他们三个会一起去玩“不给糖就捣蛋”。故事结束。

And received a lot of candy and gave a lot of scares. And at the end of it, Jack and Jill said, you know, I have an idea.Why don't you come trick-or-treating with us every year? Oh, I would love that, said Josh Graves.And so finally he was befriended by someone living who could allow him to experience trick-or-treating and Halloween in the way it was meant to be experienced on earth. And so in the meantime, he returned to spirit.And felt the freedom that wasn't his until Jack and Jill had befriended him. But every year he would return.And the three of them would go trick-or-treating together. The end.

