
巴夏：鬼
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月11日 06:03 辽宁
前言

当人们进入灵魂状态时，如果他们的振动因任何原因降低到足够低的程度，他们可以出现在你的感官中你感知他们的能力范围内。

                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：2021年4月27日

问：好，那么这就引出了下一个问题，那就是鬼魂是真实存在的吗？他们能附身于人并吸取他们的能量吗？有没有一种方法可以让我们以积极、充满爱的方式与鬼魂重新互动？

Well, that leads to the next question, which is, are ghosts real? And can they attach to people and suck their energy?And is there a way that we can re-interact with ghosts in a positive, loving way?

巴夏：是的，他们是真实存在的，因为他们只是人。他们只是处于不同频率水平的人。他们已经把他们的频率变成了一种非物质的表现。所以，是的，它们是真实存在的。现在，这并不意味着人们认为是鬼的每一种情况都是鬼，因为还有许多其他东西可以模仿这种效果。

Yes, they are real because they're just people. They're just people on a different frequency level. They have changed their frequency into a non-physical presentation.So, yes, they're real. Now, that doesn't mean that every situation that people think is a ghost is a ghost because there are many other things that can sort of mimic that effect.

包括在时空结构中记录的情况、环境和活动的想法，可以说，在某些情况下，这些情况不一定表明发生了什么，引用未引用的话，是实时直播的。所以有时时空记录实际上好像是一个鬼，但它只不过是记录可能已经发生的事件的想法，刻在时空的结构中。

Including the idea of situations and circumstances and activities being recorded, so to speak, in the fabric of space-time that can be triggered to sort of play back under certain circumstances that aren't necessarily indicative of something happening, quote-unquote, live in real time.So, sometimes a space-time recording can actually seem to be a ghost, but it is nothing more than the idea of a recording of an incident that may have already happened, etched into the fabric of space-time.

图片

此外，另一个可能被误认为是鬼魂的想法是，随着你的感官扩展，你可能更有能力体验在平行现实中的人们，因此他们可能会逐渐消失。你可能会认为这是一个与你的特定时间线有关的人的鬼魂，但也可能是你实际上是在一个完全不同的平行现实中暂时看到一个人，他可能甚至可能没有意识到你感知他们的能力。

Also, something else that can be confused for a ghost is the idea that as your senses expand, you may be more capable of experiencing people in parallel realities, and therefore they may fade in and may fade out.And you may think it's a ghost of someone who's connected to your particular timeline, but it may be that you're actually temporarily viewing someone in a completely different parallel reality who may or may not even be aware of you with your ability to perceive them.

但是，是的，当人们进入灵魂状态时，如果他们的振动因任何原因降低到足够低的程度，他们可以出现在你的感官中你感知他们的能力范围内。从某种意义上说，你会把他们看作鬼魂。现在，有时鬼魂或灵魂看起来非常透明，非常短暂。他们可以非常迅速地来来去去。有时，根据环境和灵魂的能力，他们实际上可能看起来是一个固体，你甚至不一定能分辨出是鬼，直到他们突然消失在你眼前。

But, yes, when people pass into spirit, they can, if their vibration is lowered enough for whatever reason, appear to your senses within the range of your ability to perceive them.And you would perceive them, in a sense, as a ghost. Now, sometimes ghosts or spirits can appear to be very transparent, very ephemeral.They can come and go very quickly. And sometimes, depending on the circumstance and the spirit's ability, they can actually appear to be a solid person that you can't even necessarily tell is a ghost until suddenly they disappear in front of your eyes.

现在，这个想法是，在大多数情况下，除了少数例外，你会发现大多数幽灵遭遇或灵魂遭遇都是相对温和的，任何看起来以任何方式具有负面体现或形式的东西通常都是误解的产物。那些可能保持与物理现实非常接近的振动的灵魂可能是因为他们有未完成的任务，他们可能试图向仍然活着的人传达信息，在某种程度上，他们可以体验到一种情绪范围的想法，甚至沮丧也许甚至是愤怒。

Now, the idea is that, for the most part, with a few exceptions, you will find that most ghostly encounters or spirit encounters are relatively benign, and that anything that may seem to be in any way, shape, or form negative is usually just the product of a misunderstanding.Those spirits who may maintain a vibration very close to physical reality may do so because they have unfinished business, they may be attempting to get a message across to someone still living, and they can experience, to some degree, the idea of an emotional range and even frustration maybe even anger.

图片

所以有时候，这更像是在和一个有问题的人打交道，一个有他们无法解决的问题的人。如果人们对他们正在与处于不同状态的人交谈这一事实变得更加敏感，并且可能会让他们参与对话，试图理解鬼魂实际上可能想要说他们需要说的什么，他们就可以帮助他们解决这个问题。这不是试图把他们送入光明中，因为他们可能还不需要去。但这个想法是，像任何人一样，建立一种关系，并试图了解他们需要什么，如果可能的话，提供他们需要的东西。很多时候，这会解决他们的问题，使他们平静下来，然后他们可能愿意进入下一个灵性层面。

So sometimes it's really more like dealing with a person who simply has an issue,who simply has something they can not solve.They can be helped to solve that if people become more sensitive to the fact that they are talking to people in a different state of being, and can perhaps engage them in conversations where they seek to understand what it is that the ghost may actually be desiring what they need to say.It's not about trying to send them into the light, because they may not need to go yet. But the idea is, like anyone, form a relationship and attempt to understand what it is they need and provide what they need, if you possibly can. That, many times, will settle them out, smooth them out, and then they may be willing to move on to the next level of spirit. 

现在，这个想法是，是的，有时可能会有非常非常沮丧和非常愤怒的实体，可能会做出恶作剧和半恶意的事情。他们不能以任何方式、体现或形式，实际上引用或不引用自己附体在你身上。但你当然可以开始匹配他们的不安或愤怒的振动，这可能是你自己的负面能量，然后，这可以放大这种关系，就像如果你和一个活着的人开始争吵一样。你会在你的关系中与他们有一种非常令人沮丧、紧张或负面的体验。所以，从这个意义上说，鬼魂其实并没有太大不同。

Now, the idea is that, again, yes, sometimes there may be entities that are very, very upset and very angry and may do mischievous and semi-malevolent things. They can't, in any way, shape, or form, actually quote-unquote attach themselves to you, per se. But you can certainly start to match their vibration of upsetness or anger, and that can be your own negative energy, then, that can amplify that kind of a relationship, in much the same way that if you start an argument with someone who's living.You will have what you would experience to be a very frustrating, tense, or negative experience with them in your relationship. So, in that sense a ghost is not really that much different.

图片

所以这个想法是，是的，时不时地，可能会有一个实体，一个鬼魂，正在经历一段非常非常具有挑战性的时期，他们可能会有点疯狂，他们可能做一些负面的事情。但是，再一次，它通常是未满足的东西的产物，未完成的东西，未说出的东西，他们不理解的东西，因为有时鬼魂甚至不知道他们是鬼魂。根据一个人如何转变为灵魂状态，有时他们甚至可能不知道自己已经死了，并且可能对为什么人们不再关注他们，为什么他们住的房子里发生了变化感到非常困惑。

So, the idea is that, yes, now and then, there may be an entity, a ghost, that is having a very, very challenging time, and they may be a little off-kilter, and they may do negative things.But, again, it's usually the product of something that is unsatisfied, that is left undone, something that is left unsaid, something that they don't understand, because sometimes ghosts don't even know that they're ghosts. Depending on how a person may transition into spirit, sometimes they may not even know that they're dead, and may be very confused about why people are no longer paying attention to them, why things have changed in the house that they lived in. 

所以，有时仅仅解释他们身上发生的事情实际上可以让他们平静下来，解决他们的问题，并帮助他们理解正在发生的事情，这样他们就不必为此感到如此沮丧。这就是我们在这个特定时刻关于这个话题所要说的。

So, sometimes just explaining what's going on to them can actually smooth them out, settle them out, and help them understand what's happening, so they don't have to be so upset with it. This is what we will say about this subject at this particular moment.

问：好的。有趣的是，电影《灵异第六感》是讲述如何真正开始解决你所说的问题的。

Okay. It is kind of interesting how Sixth Sense, the movie, really started to address what you're talking about. 

图片

巴夏：是的，正是如此。

Yes, exactly.

问：这反映了我们的媒体向我们反映了我们已经真正获取但尚未被广泛认可的信息。

That is reflective of our media reflecting to us information that we've already really accessed, but haven't accepted broadly. 

巴夏：是的。只是要记住这一点。鬼也是人。

Yes. Just remember this. Ghosts are people, too.

