巴夏：去世后，会经历什么？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-10-25



问：

Good day to you, Bashar!

你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, good day!

你好，日安！



问：

First, I'm excited to be here and I appreciate the opportunity

首先，能有机会站在与你对话，我非常兴奋，谢谢你！



It feels like this was the synchronicity that I needed at this point

我感觉，这正是我目前所需要的 同步性事件



I am experiencing really challenging period of my life

我正在经历我人生中的 真正的挑战……



巴夏：

Congratulations! How exciting！

恭喜你！这是多么令人兴奋的事啊！



Challenges are representative of the themes you chose to explore in this life

你所面临的挑战，象征着你（灵魂）选择 要在此生探索的人生课题



Challenges don't have to be negative.

挑战，并不一定是“负面”的



Challenge can be defined as fun.

挑战，也可以定义为“乐趣”



问：

Part of what I am thankful is the fact that, over time, I learned that sort of attitude from your teachings.

这些年来，我从你的教导中，学到了一些面对挑战的态度，自己能有这些成长，我很感恩



But this particular challenge I'm having is not something that I'm finding...

但我发现，我目前所面临的挑战，并不是……



巴夏：

Well, would you care to share some specifics?

好的！你愿意跟我们说一些具体情况吗？



问：

My best friend and partner for my entire adult life committed suicide.

我成年时期的最好的朋友，也是我的合作伙伴，她自杀了！



巴夏：

All right. Because?

这样啊……什么原因呢？



问：

She spiraled out of control.

她的人生失控了



巴夏：

Because?

因为……



问：

I think that's part of what I'm asking for your...

我想，这正是我想请教你的地方……



巴夏：

Because she was never given the tools to understand how self-empowered she was.

因为，从来都没人给予她工具，让她明白 自己有多么的强大



You understand?

你明白吗？



问：

I tried to bridge that gap with her,

我尽我所能地 和她一同 填补这方面的不足



and we made some friends who seem to be synchronously drown to us at the time, when we would need that kind of support.

那时候，在我们需要类似的支持的时候，我们也同步性地吸引来一些朋友（帮助她明白自己的强大）



巴夏：

But it wasn't enough.

但那还不够



问：

It did not.

是的



巴夏：

Understand that, when people are not raised understanding the tools they also may not have the tool to understand the tools.

你要明白：若一个人在成长的过程中，没人教他理解这个“工具”，那他很可能也就没有“工具”，去理解这个“工具”



In other words, they simply have created a reality where they make it incapable of learning the tools.

换句话说，他就会给自己创造出一个“我没能力学习如何使用这些工具”的实相



That can be one of the things that they've learned is you can't learn anything else

这可能就是他（在成长过程中）学到的一件事，也就是，他无法学习其他任何东西



问：

Yeah, that was a…She was pretty stuck.

对的，确实是……那时候，她陷得很深，难以自拔……



巴夏：

But you understand that now, she's not.

但你知道，她现在不是这样了



She is a free spirit.

她现在是一个 自由的灵魂了



And understand now, the dynamics that happened in the life and understands how to add that knowledge to her spiritual growth.

她已经理解 为什么那一世会发生如此的“动荡”，也知道如何将所学到的知识，运用到她的灵性成长中去



You understand that she's okay now.

她现在很好，你能理解吗？



问：

I struggle with that.

这一点，我还有点“摇摆”



巴夏：

Why? What are your beliefs about the idea of transitioning into spirit?

为什么呢？你对于“从肉身过渡到灵魂”有什么信念呢？



问：

So people have told me different things, I've heard that…

我曾听别人说过一些不同的东西……



巴夏：

Yes. Such as?

好的，比如说……？



问：

People who committed suicide are stuck in a karmic loop where they have to resolve the thing that they refuse to acknowledge.

那些自杀的人，会陷在“业力循环的回路”中，祂们必须把之前拒绝面对的事情解决掉，才能从“死循环”中走出来



巴夏：

Excuse me, you can't hear it, but I am laughing.

抱歉，你听不到，但我在大笑！



That is an idea that someone can choose to experience, but it's not an automatic thing.

所谓“业力的循环”，是一个人可以选择的体验，而并非自动发生的设定（事情）



It's only based on whatever the strongest beliefs are of the person who made the transition.

它只决定于 过渡到灵界的那个灵魂的 最强烈的信念，不论那个信念是什么，都会创造出对应的实相



Now, let's give the most extreme scenario in

现在，让我举一个最极端的例子吧



Let's just say religious terms, because that's something relatively familiar to most of you.

就用你们的宗教用语！因为，你们大多数人对这些 相对都比较熟悉



Many people feel that “Alright, I've been a bad person and when I die, I'm going to go to hell.”

很多人都会觉得：“我当了一辈子坏人，等我死了，肯定要下地狱的！”



Understand that in spirit, physical materiality, while it's sort of can still be experienced in some way is not really physical in the way you understand physicality.

要知道：在灵界，虽然灵魂 也能以某种方式体验到“实体物质”，但这种“实体”，与你们所理解的“实体”，不尽相同



And time and space are much more flexible than what you experience in your physical life.

祂们所体验到的时间与空间，比你们体验到的物质生命的时间与空间，更加的灵活可变



So even if someone crossed over and found themselves standing in The Fires of Hell

所以，如果某人跨入灵界时，发现自己身处“地狱之火”中



the instant, the instant they went ”Oh! I really don't prefer this at all”

但在那一刻，就在祂意识到“噢！我真的不喜欢这里”的那一刻



they would be out of it.

祂就从中脱离了



Because there's no time lag in spirit.

因为，在灵界，是没有“时间的延迟”



And that instant, transition to something different would be the first lesson in understanding that it's their choice to create their reality as they see fit.

在祂转换到不同的场景那一刻，祂明白了“正是祂的选择，创造了祂的实相”，而这，就是祂学到的第一个功课



So, while your friend may have, at first, experienced a little bit of a jolt of whatever the belief systems were that made it seem to be the logical choice, to take her life.

所以，你的朋友，可能在开始的时候会经历一些“动荡”，因为她的某些信念系统，让她做出 她认为符合逻辑的选择，也就是自杀



The instant, the instant, she realized that that was not necessarily something she preferred, she will experience something completely different.

但，就在那一瞬间，就在她意识到“我不喜欢这样”的那一瞬间，她就会切换（体验）到一个完全不同的场景



And most everyone will go through what you classically call Life Review

大部分人去世之后 都会经历你们传统意义上，称之为的“人生回顾”的过程



There is no judgment on it.

你们会不带评判地看待自己 过往的人生



You just automatically understand, all the things and all the choices and all the consequences of the choices

你们会自动地知道 发生过的一切，明白你们所做过的所有选择，以及每个选择所带来的所有结果



and you in a sense sort of re-experience them. But from a different point of view, a little bit more of detached point of view

某种意义上讲，你们是在“重新体验这一切”，但是，是从不同的角度，更多的是以“出离”的视角，体验这一切



It's kind of like, sort of being given a refresher lesson about what happened, and what you chose, and what you did with it.

有点像是，上了一堂“复习课”，重新回顾了“所发生的，你所选择的，以及你所做的”



But there's no judgment on it.

但是，不带任何评判



You will understand, Alright, well, you know, I made some choices that won't necessarily to my benefit in the way that they could have been but, I can still learn from that, and I can still grow from that. And therefore, it's okay.

你会知道：“好吧，我确实选择做了一些 不一定对我有所助益的事情，但我仍然从中学到东西，我仍然从这个过程中获得成长，这样看来，也还可以！”



And when people get into spirit, one of the first things they experience is they really don't want any of you to worry that they're not okay. Because they are okay.

当一个人（死后）进入灵界，祂最先体验到的一件事是：祂真的不希望你们任何人为祂担心，因为祂很好！



They really are.

祂真的很好！



You follow?

你能理解吗？



问：

I've followed that she's okay. I don't feel okay.

我能理解 她现在很好，但我感觉不好！



巴夏：

Well, I know. But, that's only because of your definitions of what's going on.

这个我懂！这只不过是因为你对于“她的死亡”的定义



So, the idea is to remove the limitations from your own definition

所以，你需要做的，就是清理掉你的定义所带给自己的限制



so that you understand that

这样，你就会明白：



sometimes the timing of one person, who you are very close to going into spirit before you, no matter what the methodology they may have chosen

有时候，你的一个非常亲近的人，在你之前离开人世，不论祂选择什么样的方式离去



it's an opportunity for you to stretch yourself, to reconnect to them.

祂去世的时机，都为你提供了一个机会，让你可以伸展自己的意识，以重新与祂连接



So, in other words, going into spirit is an invitation to you from her, to reach for her,

所以，换句话说，“进入灵界”是她发给你的一份邀请，为的是让你能够去“接触”她



and that starts putting your attention more in the direction of the spiritual concepts that will actually assist you in life.

而这，会让你开始把更多的注意力放在灵性成长的方向，从而真正地协助你此生的成长



问：

Yeah, absolutely, that's why I am here right now as well.

是的，你说的一点都没错，这也是为什么我现在能够站在这里！



巴夏：

Yes

对的！




---------------------------------------------------
图片

极力推荐 罗宾 威廉姆斯 主演的电影《What Dreams May Come》，国内译名《美梦成真》。



多年前，多次把我感动得一塌糊涂……



简介略……



罗宾·威廉姆斯，是《与神对话》的作者尼尔·唐纳德·沃尔什的好朋友，在《与神对话3》讨论到“死亡”的时候，也有提到这部电影。