巴夏：去世，就像去另一个城市
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-10-27
这是对话的第二部分，第一部分，请点击 巴夏：去世后，会经历什么？




巴夏：

so by allowing yourself to know that she is still in existence, closer than you think.

所以，你需要做的，就是提醒自己“她仍然存在，并且你们之间的距离，比你想的还近”



Many of you are really only separated from the spirit realm by just about this much frequency. And, in fact is actually closer than that.

你们绝大多数人，在频率上，与灵界的间隔，也就这么一点点。实际上，比这“一点点”还要短！



Now, let me inform you of something. Understand that in a sense, I am just gonna use this terms, to make it an easy illustration.

让我告诉你一些东西！以下我所用的语句，为的是让说明可以更简单一点



This is how it works:

真正的运作方式，是这样的：



In a sense, spirit is your natural state, physical reality is just a projection of consciousness. 

某种意义上讲，灵魂是你的本然状态，物质实相，只不过是意识的投射



You never actually leave spirit to become physical.

虽然你现在是肉身的物质状态，但是，你从来都没离开过灵界。



Your spirit doesn't leave the spirit realm and go into a physical body.

你的灵魂，并没有离开灵界，然后再进入到物质身体中去



You are still in spirit, right now, with her

你现在仍然在灵界中，并和她在一起



you've never left. Neither of you ever left spirit.

你从来都没离开那里！你们俩，从来都没离开过灵界！



You are just still dreaming that you've left. She's woken up from that dream.

你只不过 还在做梦，梦见你离开了！而她，则已经从那个梦中 醒来了！



But you are both there.

但是，你们两个都在那里



So, she is interacting with you on a whole other level of yourself that is already in spirit.

所以，她现在 是在另一个层面上，与灵界里“更完整的你”交流互动着。



The more you raise your frequency to become more your version of the you that is always in spirit, the more sensitive your physical senses will be to be in capable of communicating with her in spirit.

你越是提升自己的频率，让自己越接近“永远存在于灵界中的版本”的你，那么，你的物质感官就会变得越灵敏，越能够与“灵界中的她”沟通交流



Because you are already there with her and have never left.

因为，你和她，已经在那里，并且从来都没离开过。



So you will start being able to see through the dream of physical reality, which is one of the reasons she left before you did.

渐渐地，你会开始 能够看透物质实相的大梦，这也是她先你而去的原因之一



Because you had an agreement that she would help you learn how to be more of your Self and this is one of the ways in which she's helping you do that.

因为你们已经约定好，让她帮助你学习如何成为更“完整的你”，而这，就是她帮助你的方式之一



By reminding you through us that you are both in spirit right now, and that you're only dreaming, that you're not, and only dreaming that you're separated, which are not.

也就是通过我们，提醒你：你们俩现在都在灵界中，你只不过是在做梦，梦见你不在那里，梦见你们“天人相隔”，而事实并非如此



问：

Yeah, I have the intuition of that being true and I feel that urge to reach to her.

是的！我的直觉也认为是这样的，而且，我也有种想要“触及她”的强烈欲望



巴夏：

Then do so.

那就这么去做！



And see what synchronicity brings you that will hone your senses

然后看看“同步性”会带给你什么样的经历，让你可以不断地锻炼你的感知能力



so that in time, you will actually know that you are communicating. And you will not feel that there is really any kind of a disconnect.

时机成熟之时，你就会清楚地知道 你们（一直）在沟通交流，并且，你也不会再有任何“离别”的感觉



问：

Did I attract this circumstance to myself?

是我吸引 这样的事情发生在我身上吗？



巴夏：

Well, you both agree to it. 

是你们双方同意的



You both agree that this is how it would work that this is what you would need at this point in your life to elevate you to another level.

你们俩都同意要这样做，从而带给 现阶段的你 所需要的事物，以提升你的意识，到达另一层面上去



We understand that from the physical human perspective, it can at first feel painful and that you can miss the person. 

我们知道，从人的角度看，发生这种事，你们一开始时会心痛，也会想念对方



We understand the concept of your grief and we're not invalidating it at all.

我们能理解你的悲伤，也不会觉得这样做没意义（不好）



We're simply saying you can take that energy and understand that it is the energy your feeling of them.

我们只是告诉你，你可以承接这份能量，并且知道 你所感觉到的 正是祂们的能量



Many times when you grief, when you miss them, when you cry at what you perceive to be their absence

很多时候，你悲痛，你思念祂们，你因为祂们“不在”而痛哭



the paradox is, the reason you're feeling that is because they're actually with you.

相反的是，你之所以会有这样的感觉，恰恰因为祂们就“在”你身边



Do you understand?

你明白吗？



Many times when you remember them and you suddenly find yourself crying, that's actually your reaction to the fact that they're with you.

很多时候，当你想起祂们时，突然发现 自己潸然泪下，这其实就是你对于“祂们在你身旁”所做出的生理反应



Because you're interpreting the fact that they're with you as they are not being with you. 

因为你把“祂们与你同在”的事实，解读为“祂们不在了”



And that's why it goes into grief

这也就是为什么你变得“悲伤”



instead of actually feeling their energy going ‘Oh! You're here!’

而不是感受祂们的能量，然后意识到“哇！原来 你也在这里！”



They are actually present with you, when you're grieving.

在你悲伤时，祂们其实就在你身旁！



That's what you're feeling, and that's why you grief.

你感受到的，就是祂们的能量，而这也是为什么你会产生悲伤的感觉



You grieve because you sense their presence

你悲伤，是因为你感知到了祂们的临在



except your sensing it through a negative filter, a negative definition that they're not with you.

只不过，你感知到的能量，是祂们的能量 穿过一个负面过滤器，一个你认为“祂们没有与你同在”的负面定义之后



问：

Yeah, yeah, it like ...

对的！对的！像是……



I have a strong belief in life extension and quality of life extensions, so I imagined us living together for hundreds of years.

我对于生命的拓展 与生命质量的延展 有强烈的信念，所以，我想过 我们会生活在一起几百年



巴夏：

You will live together forever, just not always in the same plane of existence at the same time

你们将永远生活在一起！只不过，并不总是同时 存在于同一个层面上



but that doesn't mean you can't be in touch.

但这并不意味着 你们就不能沟通联系了



Would you grieve as much, if she simply had moved to a different city than you?

如果她只是搬到了一个与你不一样的城市，你会如此悲伤吗？



问：

No. 

不会！



I was mad at the last time I saw her and I would have still been mad, if I hadn't come to understand what had happened to her after…

我最后一次见她的时候，我很抓狂……但如果我不能 弄清楚她自杀后会发生什么事，我难以心安



巴夏：

All right.

好！



But, again, moving into spirit is no different than moving to a different city. That's all.

但我再说明一下，“去到灵界”与“去到另一个城市”，二者没啥区别



问：

It feels a lot more permanent and separate…

但“去到灵界”，让我感觉“咫尺天涯，久难相见”



巴夏：

And why is it feel that way?

为什么你会有这种感觉呢？



Because of what have you been taught to believe about the idea of the difference between physical and non-physical reality when there isn't just much difference as you think.

就是因为 你所受过的教育，让你相信 物质世界与非物质世界存在着区别，而实际上，这种区别并非你所想的那样



问：

Right

对！