巴夏：最年长的人
前言
现在就存在。目前，你们星球上现存最年长的人大约是1025岁。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
               传讯时间：2010年8月28日
问：所以我的问题是，我读了很多关于这个星球上寿命的书。
So my question is that I read many books about lifespans here on this planet.
巴夏：寿命。
Lifespan.
问：所以，让我们说，不是爱莎莎妮人，而是活到200到300岁的爱莎莎妮人。当我们经历这种变化时，这会发生在我们身上吗？
So let's say, not  Esassanians, but the Esassanians  that lived 200 to 300 years old.Is that what's going to happen to us as we go through this change? 
巴夏：你越是活在当下，你创造的时间就越少。因此，这在你们的现实中被体验为活得更久。因为你没有创造那么多的时间，因此你没有衰老那么多。
The more you live in the moment, the less time you create.Thus then, that is experienced in your reality as living longer. Because you are not creating as much time, therefore you are not aging as much.
问：太好了。
Wonderful. 
巴夏：当你做你喜欢做的事情时，你觉得只有半个小时过去了，然后你抬头一看，好像三个小时过去了，你只变老了半个小时。无论你觉得过去了多久，都是你变老了多久。所以，你越是活在当下，你就老的越少，寿命就越长。
When you do what you love to do, and you feel like only one half hour has passed, and then you look up and it seems as if three hours have passed, you have only aged half an hour.Whatever you feel has passed is what you've aged. So the more you live in the moment, the less you age, the longer you live.

问：所以这就是为什么我觉得自己更像是20岁而不是57岁？

So is that why I feel that I'm more 20 years old than 57?

巴夏：是的。但这将变得越来越明显。这并不是说你们人类不会继续成熟，但随着时间的推移，你会发现你的寿命会继续延长，就像现在一样。并且在未来100年的想法中，你会发现300年的寿命并不罕见。

Yes.But this will become more and more and more pronounced. It isn't that your humans won't continue to mature, but in time you will find that your lifespans will continue to increase, as they are increasing now.And within the idea of the next 100 years, you will find that a 300-year lifespan will not be uncommon.

问：太好了。

Wonderful. 
巴夏：现在，有个别的人，我不会详细说明他们到底是谁。在你们的星球上已经有个别的人了，他们中的大多数居住在土著文化中，已经远远超过了这个年龄。
Now, there are individuals, and I will not go into who they are exactly.There are already individuals here and there on your planet, most of them residing in indigenous cultures, who are well in excess of that age already.
图片
问：现在存在于我们的星球上吗？

Existing right now in our planet?

巴夏：现在就存在。目前，你们星球上现存最年长的人大约是1025岁。

Existing right now.The oldest living individual on your planet right now is approximately 1,025.

问：哇哦。

Wow. 

巴夏：这是罕见的。然而，它们确实存在。

This is rare. Nevertheless, they exist.

问：嗯，这太令人兴奋了。

Well, that's pretty exciting.


图片



