巴夏：克服连续性
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月20日 06:00 辽宁
前言

你可以从各种在任何给定的时刻都没有分配任何特定编号的帧中创造你自己的第二帧。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2021年3月27日

问：你好，亲爱的巴夏。你能与我们分享一些想法，帮助我们克服连续性的幻觉吗？谢谢。

Hello, Dear Bashar. Could you please share with us some ideas that would aid us in overcoming the illusion of continuity? Thank you.

巴夏：好，你可以使用许多不同的方法和意识许可，但这也是我们经常使用电影胶片比喻的原因之一。因为你可以在你们的技术中的电影胶片上看到，胶片上的一帧和另一帧之间没有连续性，直到你把它们穿过放映机，以连续的形式投射出运动和变化的幻觉。

Well, there are many different ways and permission slips that you can utilize, but this is one of the reasons why we often use the filmstrip analogy.Because you can see on a filmstrip in your technology that there is no continuity between one frame on a filmstrip and another until you run them through the projector and project the illusion of movement and change in a continuous form.

所以如果你理解了电影胶片上的所有这些帧本身，当你看整条胶片并看到各种帧同时存在时。你可以开始意识到，嗯，我可以展示第一帧。我不必在接下来展示第二帧。事实上，我为什么甚至称之为第二帧？也许这个是第二帧。

So if you understand that all of these frames on the filmstrip by themselves, when you're looking at the entire strip of film and seeing various frames, all together existing simultaneously.You can start realizing, well, I could show frame one. I don't have to show frame two next.In fact, why am I even calling it frame two? Maybe this is frame two over here. 

图片

所以我可以去一、二、三、四、五、六、七、八、九帧，这看起来像是一个连续性，但它是由不连续的帧组成的连续性，更符合我喜欢的体验。我可以打破连续性，但也可以从中断的连续性中创造连续性。所以开始把它看作是独立的画面，不必遵循你被教导的逻辑顺序。然后你可以开始以你喜欢的方式重新排列这些帧。这是一种思考方式。

So I could go one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and it might seem like a continuity, but it would be a continuity made up of discontinuous frames that are more in alignment with what I prefer to experience.I can break continuity and yet create continuity out of broken continuity.So start thinking of it as individual frames that don't have to follow in what you have been taught to think of as a logical order.And you can start rearranging the frames in a way that you prefer to experience them. That's one way to think about it. 

所以思考一下这个想法，看看这是否有帮助，但要意识到一切都存在于现在。所以没有什么能真正阻止你去任何与你相关的特定帧，无论它通常是第二帧还是不是第二帧。你可以从各种在任何给定的时刻都没有分配任何特定编号的帧中创造你自己的第二帧。

So ponder that idea, see if that helps, but realize that everything exists right now.So nothing really prevents you from going to any particular frame that is relevant for you, whether it is normally frame two or not.You create your own frame two from a variety of frames that don't have any particular number assigned to them at any given moment.


图片







阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 