巴夏：如何在当下经验过去和未来
2025.3.3
翻译整理:飞翔的外星人Jubilee

前言：
这期非常精彩的对话，巴夏的回答主题包括：
“我要如何感受过去、未来和现在？比如，在当下体验到前世或者来世？”
“似曾相识Dejavu”
“我们都是一体的一部分，但我们怎么会有分离的幻觉？”
“感受树木、墙壁，甚至穿过它们。如何发展这种可能？”
“新意识是如何诞生的”


问：

我要如何感受过去、未来和现在？

How do I experience past and future and now? 



巴夏：

你有没有过那种"似曾相识Dejavu"的感觉？
Have you ever had the experience called deja vu?

问：

理论上，但我没什么印象。
Theoretically, but not consciously that I can recall.


巴夏：

你从来没有过这种感觉吗？

You have never experienced that sensation?



问：

我知道你在说什么，但我不太记得有过那种经历。
I know what you're talking about but I can't really recall the real experience. 



巴夏：

哦，好吧。

Oh, all right.

但‘Dejavu似曾相识’正是体验你所说的在当下感受过去和未来的一种方式。那正是这种体验的感觉。
But that is one representation of experiencing what you call past and future in the present. That's what that experience actually is.

因为当你感觉‘似曾相识Dejavu’，你知道接下来会发生什么，因为你会感觉到接下来发生的事之前发生过。
Because when you have deja vu you know what is about to happen because you feel it has happened before.

你正在一刻体验这种双向交叉的无时间性（巴夏用手比划了一个交叉的动作），万物同时存在于一刻。
You are experiencing the idea of the timelessness all at once. That everything exists at once.

所以，真的你越活在一刻、一瞬间，你越活在当下，你就越不会以消极的方式聚焦于过去和未来，你就越能体验到存在的永恒和无时间性。
So really, the more you live in the moment the more you live in the present, the more you don't focus on the idea in a negative way of future and past, the more you will experience the timelessness of actual existence.

空间和时间会变得更加灵活，更难以捉摸和可塑性。你会体验到更多共时性，同时性、同步性。
The more malleable, plastic and slippery space and time will become. The more synchronistic experiences you will have.

共时性、同步性、同时性正是一种症状，即将时间-空间概念坍缩于现在、当下的体现。因为一切皆为一体，万物彼此相连。
Synchronicity is another symptomology of collapsing the idea of space-time into the now. Because everything is one. Everything is connected to everything else.

同步性、共时性是基于时空的路径向你展示，竭尽所能的向你展示万物本质是相互连接着的，即使同步性、共时性仍然以所谓的线性方式呈现，也就是呈现一种同步性接踵而至另一种同步性。
Synchronicity is space-time's way of showing you that everything is connected as best as it possibly can, even though it may still be presenting it to you so called linear fasion, one synchronicity after another.

至少，这还是一种更探索的关于时空体验的视角，但这种共时性的体验，还是比典型的线性体验模式更为凝练。这样说，明白吗？
That is at least a more collapsed version of experiencing space-time, the experience of synchronicity itself, than a typical stretched out linear format. Does that make sense?




问：

那这包括，比如，前世或者前世的体验吗？
But is this includes, for example, past lives, past experience?

巴夏：

再强调一遍，没有真正的过去，也没有真正的未来，一切都存在于现在，当下。
Again, remember, there is no real past. There is no real future. Everything exists now.

我们常打的比方是你们家的电视机。如果你正坐在那儿看电视节目，你应该知道，在同一时刻还有几百个其他节目同时存在。
The analogy we often use is your own television set. If you are sitting down watching a TV program, you know that at the same moment there are still hundreds of other programs that exist at the same time.

它们并非真的存在于过去，它们也并非真的存在于未来。你可能没有观看到它们，只是因为你正调频到一个特定的频道。
They're not really in the past. They're not really in the future. You may not be perceiving them because you are tuned to one particular channel.

但如果你切换频道，你会发现还有其他节目与你正在看的节目同时存在。现实（实相）就是如此。
But if you change the channel, you'll see that another program exists at the same time as the program you were just watching. Reality is like that.

所有的生世、生命和经历，都在此刻发生。
All the lives, all the experiences are going on right now.

你越是让你的头脑理解并掌握这个概念，你就越能以这种方式体验你的现实、实相。
The more you understand and wrap your mind around that concept, the more you will actually start to experience reality that way.

明白吗？

Make sense? 



问：

明白了。
Yes.

巴夏：

所以，用越多类比和象征，就越能理解存在的同时性的概念，也就越能全息地理解当下的结构，你也就越能以共时性的方式体验这种现实。
So, more analogies, the more symbols, the more analogies you can create to explain the idea of the simultaneity of existence to yourself, the more you can understand that construct of nowness holographically, the more you will actually start to experience your reality that way.

所以我们才用创造了如下的比喻：在存在中只有一个时刻，只有一个时刻。
That's why we also use the analogy of saying there really is only one moment in creation, just one moment.

你们所见的种种不同的瞬间，时刻，实则都是不同视角下的同一时刻。一切皆在同一时刻。
What appears to you to be different moments is actually the same moment, but from a different point of view. It's all the same moment.

造物之中也仅仅存在一种事物。万物皆是一种事物，万物都是一体的。
There is also only one thing in creation. All of it. Just one thing.

造物作为一体体验着自身化为万物，但其本质是一体的。即使在物质界层面亦是一体的。
Experiencing itself as a multitude of things. But it's just one thing. Even physically, there is only one thing.

之前我们解释过，在我们的概念中这被称为“原初辐射”。想象一下。
We have explained this before by the concept we refer to in our reality as the prime radiant. Imagine.

我们知道，你们的科学家喜欢用粒子，也就是亚原子粒子来解释。现在，我们知道他们知道，这其实并非坚固的固体粒子，但为了便于说明，就先这么说。
We know your scientists tend to talk in particles, subatomic particles. Now, we know that they know that it's not really a solid particle but for the purpose of illustration, it will do.

想象一下，整个存在中只有一个粒子，并且其余空无一物。只有一个粒子。
Imagine this. Imagine there is only one particle in all of existence and there's nothing else. Just one particle.

因为这个粒子没有其他关联物，这个粒子没有质量，而且以无限的速度移动其自身。它不受任何限制，没有任何阻碍，没有任何法则能约束它，因为它是存在中唯一的东西。
Because there is nothing else to relate to, the particle has no mass and can move at infinite speed. It has no limitations, it has no barriers, there are no laws to govern it because it's the only thing there is.

所以它能为所欲为。所以如果它能移动，这一个粒子能以无限速度移动，无限快，也就是说，这个粒子可以同时存在于任何地方。
So it can do anything it wants. So if it can travel, this one particle can travel at infinite speed, infinite speed, that's another way of saying that that particle can actually be everywhere at the same time.

如果一个粒子能同时存在于任何地方，它就看起来好像是多重、多个粒子，但实际上还是同一个粒子。
So if a particle can be everywhere at the same time, it can appear to be multiple particles but it's actually the same one particle.

于是世间万物都由那个粒子构成，但万物实际上都是同一个粒子以无限速度运动的结果。所以，你其实是别人的身体，你其实也是椅子，你其实也是灯泡，因为一切都是那个例子。你就是星辰，你就是另一颗星球，因为万物都由同一种粒子构成。
And everything that is made up of particles is actually made up of the same one particle moving at infinite speed. So you actually are... The other person's body. You actually are the chair. You actually are the light bulb. Because all those things you are the star. You are the other planet. Because all those things are all made up out of the same one particle that everything is made above it.

所以一切就在这里，一切尽在现在，万物归一。
So everything is here. Everything is now. Everything is one.

明白吗？

Make sense?



问：明白了。
Yes.

巴夏：

有帮助吗？
Does that help? 



问：

当然，谢谢。

Yes, definitely. Thank you.

巴夏：

你越沉思这个概念，你越用你的心智去理解这个概念，就越能在你的现实中开始体验到这种状态。请继续。
The more you ponder that... The more you wrap your mind around that, the more you will start to experience that in your reality. Yes, continue.

问：

你说的就像是对万物归一的补充说明，一切都是一体的，我们都是一体的一部分。
And it's pretty much like a follow-up in terms of everything is one, all is one, we're part of one. 



巴夏：

是的，没错。

 Yes, yes. 



问：

但我们有这种分离的幻觉。

But we have this illusion of separation.



巴夏：

是的。

Yes.


问：

你能帮我看看，怎么修改或者消除这种分离的幻觉吗？如果可以的话？
Can you help me a little bit in terms of how I can modify it or remove it, if it's appropriate?

巴夏：

嗯，其实你并不真想完全消除这种分离的幻觉，不然你就无法体验作为一个个体的存在了。
Well, you don't really want to completely remove it per se, or you won't really have an experience as an individual.

记住，一切万有都在以各种方式体验自身。你，我们以及造物中的世间万物=造物体验自身的各种路径和方式。
Remember, all that is experiences itself in all the ways that it can. You, us, All beings and all things in creation are all the ways all that is has, of experiencing itself.

即使你能体验到更深层次的合一，你的存在也作为了一种独立的观点内置于合一。所以，你的存在=存在的一种观点，无论合一的程度有多深，你得创造自身才能去体验，你永远都会以‘作为你的视角’去体体验自己。
Even though you can have the experience of more oneness, you exist as an idea unto itself. So you, as that idea, no matter how much oneness exists, you create yourself to experience, you will always experience yourself as you.

即使你与“一”融为一体，你也变成：“一”体验其自身存在的一种存在。所以，你还是你。
Even when you become one with the one, you will experience yourself as the one. So you will still be you.

即使你不再去选择去体验‘一的一部分’这种体验，你依然能有这种体验：自己作为“一”的体验。这样说你明白了吗？
Even when you are no longer a part of the one in experience, you will still experience yourself as the one. Does that make sense?



问：

是的，当然。但我更想知道实际应用方面，例如感受树木、墙壁，甚至穿过它们。如何发展这种可能？

Yes, definitely.But I was asking more in terms of practical application, in terms of, for example, feeling the trees and walls and go beyond that. How can we develop this?

巴夏：

再强调一下，让你的头脑好好捋一捋“你就是一”这个概念。在你的想象中去创造一种方式，从而更真实地向自己呈现“你就是一”这一概念。运用你的想象力，想象力就是用来做这个的。
Again, wrap your mind around the idea that you are one. Invent in your imagination ways in which to represent that to yourself more realistically. And use that imagination. That's what your imagination is for.

你的想象力就是你和你的频率密钥。无论什么方法能让你感觉更成为造物一，那就使用它。运用你的想象力，因为你你的想象力正是连接着你的高我和物质界现实的导管。
Your imagination is keyed to you, to your frequency. Whatever methodology you come up with that allows you to feel more at one, use that. Use what your imagination comes up with. Your imagination is the conduit between your higher mind and your physical mind.

你的想象力是沟通两界的桥梁。举例来说，如果你想象，只要你觉得这样适合你，你可以走到墙边，用手触摸墙壁，能让你感觉与墙融为一体，或者用舌头舔舐墙壁，也能让你感觉与墙融为一体，或者仅仅想象自己穿过墙壁，想象你的分子与墙的分子交融，也能让你感觉与墙融为一体，或者任何你想象力能想到的方法。
Your imagination is the conduit of communication between the two. So let us say, for example, if you imagine, for you if it feels right for you, that you can walk up to a wall, and if by putting your hands on it that allows you to feel more at one with the wall, or if putting your tongue on it allows you to feel more at one with the wall, or simply imagining yourself passing through the wall and your molecules intermingling makes you feel more at one with the wall, or whatever idea your imagination comes up with.

这实际上将让你更深切地体会到与墙融为一体，那么，就在那一时刻想象那个画面。是否真的在物质界现实中发生并不重要。
That actually creates for you more of the sensation, more of the idea of being one with the wall, then that's the thing to imagine at that moment. Whether you actually physically do it or not.

因为有些事不必拘泥于一定要在物质界中体验。有些通过想象创建的感受只是为了引导你朝某个方向前进，促使你向那个方向行动。或许另有原因。
Because the idea is that some of these things are not always relevant to experience literally physically. Some of them are just things that lure you in a certain direction to get you to move in that direction. Perhaps for other reasons.

有时，让你兴奋的某些事物，让你感到兴奋，只是为了引导你充满热忱的朝着某个方向前进。并非那个透过想象而让你兴奋的事物本身一定要以实体的形式呈现。
Sometimes the things that excite you excite you just to get you to move in a certain direction. Not because the thing itself must come to fruition in a physical way.

因为你的高我心智深知你的物质界心智、小我，有多固执。所以，有时它会允许某些事情发生，如果时机成熟。其他时候，让你兴奋的想象的事情，只是一个高我创造的胡萝卜，诱使你朝某个方向前进，因为以那种想象力所创造的热忱的驱动力驱使你朝着那个方向前进，对你来说才是最重要的事。
Because your higher mind knows how stubborn the physical mind can be. So it will sometimes allow certain things to come to fruition when they are appropriate to do so. Other times, the thing that excites you will simply be a carrot to get you to move in that direction because that was the most important thing for you to do.

如果你对探索这种“合一”的概念充满了兴奋，那就行动于你的兴奋，用你的想象力去探索‘合一’，无论采取何种形式，都会是你的想象力让你感到最兴奋的方式。于是在那一刻，那就是适合你的方式。
So if you're excited about exploring this concept of oneness... Act on that and use your imagination to explore it in whatever way, shape or form your imagination feels most excited about doing so. And for that moment, that will be the right way for you.

那种充满热忱的想象力带给你的方式会增强你现实中的共时性、同步性、同时性。于是在那一刻，那就是适合你的方式。于是它会开始增强你在现实中的共时性和同步性，让你更深刻地体验“合一”，无论哪种方式最适合你。
And it will enhance the synchronicity in your reality. For that moment, that will be the right way for you. And it will enhance the synchronicity in your reality to give you more experiences of that oneness in whatever way works best for you.

明白吗？
Does that make sense? 



问：

当然。非常感谢。

Definitely. Thank you very much.

巴夏：

所以，尽情发挥你的想象力，还要以多种方式行动于你的想象力。我们多次建议大家，在谈论让你兴奋的事情时，去模拟让你兴奋的事，去创造一个你梦想中想居住的现实的模拟。
So you really need to let your imagination fly. You really need to act out on your imagination too, in many ways. Many times we have suggested to many of you when you talk about doing the thing that excites you, to mock it up, to... Create a facsimile of the reality you say you wish to live in.

尽你所能，将它真实地构建在你的周围。让它尽可能地随处可见。甚至把你喜欢的情景贴在你的墙上。如果你几乎没有真正采取行动，将你喜欢的事物变为物质界现实的一种领悟，也就是赋予物质界的象征意义，那么你们还把这些概念停留在精神层面。
Literally build it up around you to the best of your ability. Have representations of it everywhere that you can. Paste it up on your wall. But very few of you actually take the step of making that physical realization, that physical symbology. You keep it very mental.

把你热忱的事物行动出来，就像打通了任督二脉。于是你的热忱便能落地，并且让你的物质界心智也知道，它能切实地通过物质界的语言来以振动回应你，更能代表你所偏好的现实。
Acting it out acts as the completion circuit. It grounds the idea and lets your physical mind know that it actually has something physical to respond to as a vibration that is more representative of that reality you say you prefer.

通过模拟来训练你的身体，使其物质界现实做出反应，并将你一直置身于模拟环境之中。其实模拟也并不是重点，重点是你要切身的感觉你热忱的现实真实。
It's training your physical body to respond to that physical reality by mocking it up and existing in that simulated environment. It doesn't matter that it's a simulation if it makes you feel like it's real.

明白了吗？对你有帮助吗？
Make sense? Does that help you?



问：

明白了。有帮助。谢谢你。最后一个问题。我想知道新的意识是如何产生的，或者说，是新意识的诞生。或许，更像一个点？
Yes. Thank you.And last question. I want to understand how the new point of consciousness got born. Or new consciousness got born. Probably it's more like a point. 



巴夏：

本质是这样诞生的。所谓的一个新视角的意识，不过是觉醒到你意识本来就栖息的天然的位面。意思是，当你们选择体验一种概念：地球上的物质界现实时，你们或多或少明白，你们会经历一段遗忘和充满限制的时期。
Essentially this way.The so-called new point of consciousness is simply the awakening to the level of consciousness that you actually are nature. The idea is that when you all chose to experience the idea of physical reality on earth, you understood to some degree that you were going to go through a cycle of forgetfulness and limitation experience.

但你们正处在这个时期的末尾。所以，你们正在回忆起自己是谁，你们正在醒过来并回忆起自己作为灵魂的本质。这就是灵性觉醒。
But you are now at the end of that cycle. So you are remembering who you are. You're waking up and remembering who you are as spirits. That's what caused the idea of the spiritual awakening.

你们已经几乎快完全结束你们的'遗忘周期了'。所以，这只是一个自然循环的结束，也是一个全新循环的开始，一个关于回忆起你是谁的全新周期的开始，随之而来的是忆起真实自己后自然的扩展。明白了吗？

You have almost completely finished with your cycle of forgetfulness. So it's just the end of a natural cycle and the beginning of a new one of remembering more of who you are and the expansion that simply naturally comes with remembering your true identity. Makes sense?



问：

是的，感谢！

Yes，thank you！





