巴夏：穿越立方体时空隧道
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee
问：

你好，巴夏。

Hi, Bashar.



巴夏：

也祝你愉快。

And to you, good day.



问：

我有个声明和问题。

I have a statement and a question.



巴夏：

请讲。

By all means.



问：

我的第一个声明是，我成功地运用我的喜悦来激发孩子们的创造力，效果显著。

My first statement is that I am successfully using my joy to serve the creative faculties in children with exponential benefit.



巴夏：

哦，好的。

Oh, all right.



问：

非常感谢。然后是我的问题。2011年10月，我梦见一个旋转的形状。

Thank you very much.And then the question is I had a dream in October of 2011 of a spinning shape.



通过我的研究发现，我觉得那是个超立方体。

From the research that I did on it I think it's a tesseract.

图片



它有三个外露面，它看起来像你那个东西的中心，它看起来像绿色（巴夏的文明符号）的那个。

All right, yes. It has three exposed planes on it. It looks like the center of the thing you have. It looks like the green thing.



这太奇怪了，它的每个面都有阿基米德螺线，而且是方形的，它们正朝中心汇聚，而且嗡嗡了一整晚。

It's really weird. It has Archimedean spirals on each side and they're square-shaped and they go in towards the center and it was humming for the entire duration of the night.

图片
图片
图片



我亲眼看到了，太令人兴奋了。当时很兴奋，然后我就记不清了。

I saw this. How exciting.It was exciting, and then I lost track.



巴夏：

你现在看到的是涡旋，是传送门它们内在的数学结构还有跨维度裂缝。

You're looking at the innate mathematical structure of a vortex,of a portal.，of an interdimensional rift.

图片



问：我为什么会无法追踪哪一年进入的？

How come I had trouble keeping track of what year it was?



巴夏：

因为你进入了跨维度传送门，那里时间是没有意义的。

Because you were in an interdimensional portal where time doesn't make sense.



问：

好的，好的，好的，哇哦，好的，哇哦。

Okay. Okay. All right. Wow. Okay. Wow.



巴夏：你正在体验时间溶解，溶解你创造的"时间"这个概念，时间不过是种副作用，这是一种幻觉，它并非独立存在。

You're experiencing the dissolution of time that you're creating the concept of time. Time is just a side effect. It's an illusion. It doesn't really exist unto itself.



所以，当你们开始汇集这些见解时，为了体验那种重叠的多维涡旋，通常会体验到一种永恒（无时间）感。

Therefore, when you begin to bring all that insight together, To be able to experience that kind of overlap, multidimensional vortex it usually is experienced in a timeless way.



问：

好的。

Okay.



巴夏：

对你有帮助吗？

Does that help you?



问：是的，我想知道这和西藏时轮金刚是否有关系。

Yes. I'm wondering if it has any relationship to the Tibetan Kala Chakra.


巴夏：你们星球上的许多事物，都是那个概念的象征性体现，或是那个概念以各种方式呈现的不同解读，这和代表性文化的信仰体系密不可分。

Many things on your planet are symbolic extensions of that idea or different interpretations of that idea expressed in a variety of ways that go hand in hand with the belief systems of the representative culture.



所以每种文化都对其有自己的解读，也有相似的体验，好的，把所有文化的见解都整合起来。

So everyone has a piece. Okay. Bring them all together.


问：

像玛雅人那样？

Like the Mayan thing?


像玛雅人，抱歉，像玛雅人的信仰，我们是否正将多种真理汇集，以构成更大的图景？

Like the Mayan, sorry like the Mayans and their belief that we're in a process of coming together with our multiple truths to make a bigger picture?


巴夏：

是的。

Yes.


问：好的，因为我又梦到在玛雅金字塔顶端中心绘画，玛雅文明，我都不清楚，是不是玛雅日历什么的。

Okay, because I had another dream about drawing in the center of top of mayan the Mayan I don't even know what it is, the Mayan calendar.


巴夏：对，玛雅日历

Yes, the calendar. 


问：好，就是那个顶部的眼睛图案。我当时正用我最喜欢的颜色涂它。

 Okay, the top part with the eyeI was coloring it in with my favorite color.


巴夏：什么颜色啊？

Which is what?


问：就那个颜色，就是你身后的那个颜色，是绿松石色。

that color. It's literally the color behind you. It's turquoise.


巴夏：哦，好吧，好吧，然后呢？

Oh, all right, all right. Yes, and?


问：我在想那有什么意义，这种颜色是否和立方体里的时间有关。

And I'm wondering what the significance of that was if it has any relationship to time in that cube.


巴夏：有关，而且，它和一种振动色彩有关，这种色彩代表着，一种存在状态，代表着你本真的、协调的自我。

It does, and it has a relationship to the vibrational color that is representative in color terms of the state of being that represents your natural self, your aligned self.



所以从那种振动状态进入，你就能毫发无伤地通过那个通道。

So come from that vibrational state and you will go through the passage in a relatively unscathed way.



明白了吗？你就能和时间和谐共处，你不会抗拒的，你不会背道而驰。

Do you understand? You will go in harmony with the tick of the clock. You won't resist it. You won't go against the grain.


保持在那种颜色状态，保持在颜色所代表的振动状态，你将会是最和谐的，然后你就能更顺利地度过任何转变。

Stay in that color state. Stay in that vibrational state that's represented by that color and you will be most aligned and then you can go through any transformations more smoothly.


问：

太棒了。非常感谢。

Awesome.Thank you so much.


巴夏：

不客气。

You're so welcome.



