巴夏：当下的礼物
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-08-29 18:38



巴夏：
你有做什么呼吸练习，放松练习，或瑜伽，或诸如此类的吗？
问：
我有断断续续地练过，但还没坚持下来

巴夏：
That's because you've been too impatient.
那是因为，你太没耐心了

You need to really start living in the moment
你真的需要开始活在当下

And trusting that whatever is happening in the moment is exactly what needs to be happening in the moment
你需要相信：任何此刻正在发生的事，都是需要在此刻发生的事情

And work with what's happening in the moment instead of being in such a hurry to move on
并且，参与到当前发生的事情中，而不是急急忙忙地前进

You're not living your life in the moment, you're not appreciating your life in the moment.
你没有活在当下的人生中，你没有珍惜当下的生活

You think you have to be somewhere other than where you are.
你认为，你必须去别的地方，而不是就“在”此时此地

There's nothing more important than where you are.
没有什么地方，比你此刻所在的，更重要了

You need to learn to extract from every single present moment the richness that is there for you to appreciate.
你需要学会，从每一个当下中，汲取那些，为你而存在的、丰富多彩、值得你好好赏味的东西

But you're caught up in the idea of regrets. You're caught up in the idea that you're doing something wrong.
但是，你陷溺在自己的懊悔中，你沉浸在自己做错事情的想法中

And it's squeezing the life out of you.
而这，会不断地“压榨”你的生命力

Literally
此言，真实不虚

You have to unclench open up and appreciate every single thing that's happening in the moment
你必须放过自己，敞开心扉，感激/欣赏 当下发生的每一件事

Because whatever is happening in the moment will never happen again.
因为，不论当下发生什么，都不会再发生了

And then you'll have more regrets
而你，则会有更多的遗憾

Because you'll think you missed something.
因为，你会觉得，自己错过了什么

So stop missing things by not living in the moment.
所以，活在当下吧，你就不会因此而错过什么

Stay where you are.
就待在你所在之处

Trust that everything that's happening is what needs to be happening for everyone involved.
相信此刻发生的每件事，都是每个参与其中的人，需要它发生的事情

You will pace yourself better.  You will enrich yourself by learning how to extract what's going on in the moment to your and everyone else's advantage.
你也将调整好自己的节奏，并通过学习如何从当下发生事情中，提取出对自己和他人有助益的东西，进而丰富自己的人生

And you'll start to see opportunities that come to you in those moments that you're not seeing now
你会开始看到那些向你走来的机会，而它们，是现在的你所看不到的

Because you're squeezing your eyes so shut from what's happening in the moment that you're not even seeing the opportunities that are there for you
因为你紧闭双眼，无视当前发生的事，以至于你根本看不到这些机会就在面前

Because they can't come to you.
因此，它们也无法降临到你头上

You can't have the inspirations and the imaginations you need to have to enrich yourself and your family's lives in the moment.
你迟钝茫然，无法获得那些，能够让你和你的家人的生活，更加丰富多彩的灵感与想象力

When your eyes are tightly tightly squeezed shut, because you're refusing to see what's happening now as being more valid than anything else.
因为你紧闭双眼，紧锁眉头，拒绝看此刻发生的事，不认为它们比其他任何事情都重要

So you really need to open up to the present and see what the present contains for you.
所以，你真的需要敞开自己，拥抱当下，看看当下present（礼物present ）中有什么

That gives you everything you need in the moment.
它将带给你在当下所需要的一切

The enrichment is right here right now in everything that happens in the now
多姿多彩的生活，就在此时此地，就在此时所发生的每件事情中

Nothing that's going to happen in the future is going to be more important.
未来发生的任何事，都不会比这个更重要

Whatever is happening now is the most important thing.
当下发生的任何事，才是最重要的事

Learn to see that and you'll relax.
学会看明白这一点，然后，你就会放松下来

可以吗？

问：
谢谢您！

巴夏：
不客气！

问：
对我个人，你有什么建议吗？因为，这样的大道理，我经常听到。

巴夏：
It's it doesn't matter how many times you hear it until you make it true for yourself you're not gonna feel it.
不管你听了多少遍，如果你还没让它成为你的事实，那么，你是不会有切身感觉的

You have to understand how true it is.
你必须明白，这是多么的真实

Everything you need is in the moment
你需要的一切，都在当下

Everything
一切的一切

Everything you need is given to you in the moment.
你所需的一切，全都已经给予你了，就在这当下

But you can't see it, if you're not looking for it, if you're not accepting the moment for what it is
但是，你是看不到它们的，如果你不去找的话，如果你不接收当下的话

When you do accept the moment that it contains everything you need in that moment
当你接受这一刻，（因为）它拥有你在这一刻的一切所需

You'll find that it's a world of great exploration with lots of ideas and inspirations that will come to you to allow you to make that moment much richer than you're making it.
那你会发现，这是一个非常值得探索的世界，充满了各种奇思妙想、创意、灵感……它们将涌向你，增添你的创造，让这一刻变得更加丰富多彩

You are robbing yourself of the richness of the moment
但你的行为，让自己与这一切失之交臂

By not living fully in it
因为，你没有完全活在其中

By always looking to the future
因为，你总是着眼于未来

Always regretting the past.
因为，你总是悔恨于过去

So relax
所以，放轻松吧！

Do some breathing
做些呼吸

Just take it in
把当下吸进去

Be here now.
让自己就在此时此地

There's nowhere else you are anyway.
反正，你也无处可去



相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar

或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar
