巴夏：时间的作用
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar
 2024年12月12日 20:20 福建
问：
Can you explain the concept of time in a way the physical human mind can understand?
你能否用人类大脑能理解的方式，给我们解释一下“时间”的概念吗？

What is time?
时间是什么？

And what role does it serve？
它有什么作用？

巴夏：
Well as we said, time is a side effect of your consciousness shifting through multiple parallel realities, billions of times per second.
正如我们之前说过的，时间，是你的意识，在以每秒亿万次穿梭于多重平行现实之间时，所产生的一种附带效应。

The idea of time is so that you can experience the process of creation.
时间的作用，是为了让你能够体验创造的过程

It's like saying, in a timeless state, I'm gonna tell you a story.
就像是说，我现在给你讲一个“没有时间的故事”

So here's the story from a timeless perspective: Once upon a time and they lived happily ever after.
从“没时间”的视角看，故事是这样的：从前……然后，他们就幸福地生活在一起了

What happened to the middle of the story?
啊？故事的中间部分，发生了什么？

What happened to how did we get from once upon a time to happily ever after?
他们是怎么从“从前”发展到“幸福地生活在一起”的呢？

What was the process？
其中的过程呢？

What was the adventure？
有过啥冒险？

What was the experience？
经历了什么？

What were the lessons？
学到了什么？

How did it grow？
主人公是如何成长的？

How did it change？
他们是如何改变的？

What was the path？
他们走过什么样的道路？

So time exists within the soul, a certain focus of the soul to experience the process, to experience the story unfolding. So that you can discover yourself from a new point of view.
所以，时间，存在于灵魂之内，是灵魂的某些关注点，为的是让灵魂能够体验过程，体验故事发展而创造的，这样，你就能从一个新的角度，发现你自己

That's how Creation expands.
这就是创造（主）不断扩展的方式

As we have said, the structure of Existence never changes.
正如我们所说的，存在（神）的结构，永远不会改变

What changes constantly, what expands creation is your relationship to it, your perspective of it，your experience of it.
能持续不断改变的，不断扩大造物主的创造物的，是你与祂的关系，你对祂的视角，以及你对祂的体验

And that's what time is for: to allow existence to continue to expand infinitely.
这就是时间的作用，也就是让“存在”能够无限地扩展

So that you can discover yourself from a new point of view which allows existence and All That Is to experience itself from a new point of view, constantly, constantly, constantly experiencing itself changing, expanding, growing, learning, being new.
这样，你就可以从一个新的角度发现自己，从而让 “存在”/“一切所是” 能从一个新的角度体验祂自己，持续不断地、不断地、不断地体验祂自己的变化、扩展、成长、学习与更新

But the structure never changes.
但是，存在结构，永远不变

It is what it is.
祂就只是存在

Existence is what it is.
存在，既是祂本身

The experience of Existence only happens with the idea of time.
而对存在的体验，只有在“有时间”情况下才会发生

Otherwise there's no experience.
否则，就没有体验

Things just are.
一切事物，就只是 存在