巴夏：活在当下，活得更年轻
2025.4.27
问：

How can we increase our lifespan now?

现在，我们如何才能延长寿命呢？



巴夏：

Living in the moment.

活在当下。



Therefore you don't experience the passage of time so much.

如此，你便不会过多地感受到时间的流逝。



Now, there may be many other things that you can augment that with

当然，还有许多其他方法可以增强这种效果。



but again, by following the formula, you will be gravitating towards those things that will allow you to exist more in the now.

当你依照激情公式去行动，你自然会被那些能让你更多地活在当下的事物所吸引。



Because remember, time is your creation. Therefore, the idea is that when you live more in the now, more in a timeless state, then you don't experience the idea of the passage of time so much and the contrary illusion is that it looks like you live longer and are younger for a longer period of time

因为，请记住：时间是你创造的，因此，当你更多地活在当下，更多地处于一种“无时间”的状态下，你就不会过多地感受到时间的流逝，而由此产生的反向幻觉是：你看似活得更长久，且能更长时间地保持年轻。



Because time has not affected you as much

因为，时间对你的影响，减少了



Because you haven't been in a sense incorporating it.

因为，某种意义上讲，你并没有让时间融入到你的存在中。  



All of you have experienced that when you're doing something that you're really focused on and you love to do, and you look up and you go: well, it felt like I was doing that for about 20 minutes, but it looks like three hours have passed.

你们都有过这样的经历：当你全神贯注地做一件你热爱的事情时，然后，你抬头一看，心想：“哇！感觉我好像只做了20分钟，没想到已经过去三个小时了。”



You've all experienced something like that, yes?

你们都有过类似的经历，是吧？



When you actually come out of that, when you're so focused on something you absolutely are absorbed by in that zone, love to do it, living your passion and it feels like 15 minutes has passed, and then you look up and say, oh, it's been three hours, 

当你从那种状态中出来时……当你全身心投入到让你着迷的事情中，进入那种浑然忘我的状态，享受着这份热爱，活出你的激情，感觉仿佛只过去了 15 分钟，然后，你抬头一看，惊觉：“哦，竟然已经三个小时了！”



You have only aged 15 minutes.

（这种情况下）你的生命只走过了 15 分钟。



You have reconnected with the collective society who believes that three hours have passed but you've skipped over that.

你重新进入了那个认为已经过了三小时的集体社会中，而你，却已然跨越了那段时间。



So again, what does that bring us back to, Follow the formula.

那现在，又回到我们一直说的……按照激情公式去行动！



