巴夏：因与果，同时发生
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-06-11


问：
I was exploring how cause and effect are the same. 

我在研究“因”和“果”是如何运作的，以及，为什么说它们时“同一回事”



巴夏：

In a sense, they are interrelated 

某种意义上讲，它们是相互关联的



And in terms of the idea of the illusion of time, it isn't always that the effect happens after the cause. 

从时间的幻相上讲，“果”并不总是发生在“因”的后面



They happen simultaneously. 

它们同时发生



But they spread out in your physical reality, as if one happens first. 

但扩展到你们的物质世界中，看起来就像是：先有因，后有果，一个先发生



问：

Well, with this particular experience I am having now, I was selected to ask you a question.

最近，我有一个很特殊的经历，也就是：我有幸被选中，可以向你提问



And I didn't have one at the time, but I still thought it would really exciting to ask you and to interact with you. 

然而，那时候，我并没有什么问题想问，但我仍然觉得，能和你交流互动，这将是一件非常令人兴奋的事



And then like for and hour after I was selected, I still couldn't think of anything. 

即使在我被选中约一个小时之后，我仍然想不出什么问题



But then after that, it was like I was downloaded with so many question for you. And I even found some question that I have saved on my phone. 

但后来，我就像下载一般，有了好多好多想问你的问题，我甚至在手机中，找到一些之前保存的问题



巴夏：

All right, we won't necessarily have the time to answer them all, but proceed with what you believe is most important. 

好的！我们可能没时间回答你所有的问题，但请继续问你觉得最重要的问题



问：

Well, I was just wondering was that kind of an example of an effect leading to a cause in a way? 

我在想，我的这个经历，像不像是一个“由果导向因”的一个例子



巴夏：

You're referring to the idea of being asked to ask questions but not having them, and then suddenly having them when you need them? 

你是说，当你被要求提问的时候，你并没问题，而在需要你问的时候，你又突然有了问题，是吗？



问：

Yes! Like I shifted into that version of myself that have them. 

是的！就像是我穿越到一个“有问题要问的版本的我”



巴夏：

Yes! 

是的！



问：

Is that kind of making time more malleable and flexible, and things... 

我是不是让时间变得更加灵活、更可塑，事情也会变得……



巴夏：

Well, in a sense, yes. 

某种意义上讲，是的！



But it's more directly an example of what we talk about when we say, you will know what you need to know when you need to know it. 

但更是一个直接的例子，说明我们之前谈论过的：你会在你需要知道的时候，知道你需要知道的信息



Things happen in perfect timing and perfect synchronicity. 

凡事，皆在完美时机，以完美的同步性的方式，发生的



It's not necessarily important that you know certain things before it's time to know them. 

某些东西，在时机未到之时，你知道与否，并不重要



But if you stay in that proper state of receptivity and openness, you will know them. 

但是，如果你保持在“敞开和接收”的适当状态，那么，你就会知道



And when you need to know them 

你会在你需要知道它们的时候，知道它们



And not a second later than you need to know them. 

不早一分，不晚一秒



They will come to you and exactly what you experienced in that way.

它们会在恰当的时机，进入你的生命体验中



问：

OK! Thank you! 

好的！谢谢你！

