巴夏：奥里诺科的探索
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月13日 06:00 辽宁
图片

前言

这个故事来自你们所说的你们的未来，向你展示了你现在可以体验但将来会在未来地球上经历的事情。

奥里诺科

奥里诺科桑德巴尔是一个13岁的混血女孩，她有一双浅褐色的眼睛，与她温暖的皮肤相称。她那张宽大友好的脸上长着一头乌黑的长直发就像一只乌鸦。

Orinoco Sandebal was a thirteen year old girl with caramel eyes     that matched warm complexion.Her wide friendly face was framed by long straight hair black as a crow.



                    译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                 传讯时间：2019年12月7日

巴夏：好的。在你们今天的这个时候我会向你们问好。你们都好吗？好的，好的。谢谢。

All right.I‘ll say good day to you this day of your time.How are you all? All right, all right. Thank you.

奥里诺科的探索。你们今天晚上听到了这个故事，因为这是对萨满之旅的描述。

Orinoco's Quests. You have been told this story this night of your time because this is a representation of a shamanistic journey.

通过遵循许多原则，通过锚定在地球上，通过向地球的秘密敞开心扉。

And by following many of the principles, by anchoring to the earth, by opening to its secrets.

通过更多地将自己表达为自然，而不仅仅是置身于自然之中，你们都成为了自己版本的萨满。

by expressing yourself more as nature rather than simply being within nature, you all become your own version of the idea of a shaman.

能够把自己牢牢地固定在盖亚上,在地球上。然而能同时抵达群星、高空、其他现实、其他维度、其他存有、其他意识。

Able to ground yourself firmly to Gaia, the earth.and yet then simultaneously be capable of reaching to the stars, the heights, other realities, other dimensions, other beings, other consciousnesses.

此外，这个故事来自你们所说的你们的未来，向你展示了你现在可以体验但将来会在未来地球上经历的事情。

Also, this story, coming from what you call your future, shows you the kind of things you can experience now but will experience on the future earth.

当元素精灵通过你感官振动的增加向你展示。当混血儿童降临到你们的世界并开始融入你们的社会时。

When the elementals are revealed to you through the increase of the vibration of your senses.When the hybrids have landed upon your world and begin to blend with your society.

但这个故事现在就像一颗将在你心中生长的种子一样告诉你。不仅让你把这种振动带进你的内心、你的头脑和你的灵魂。

But the story is told to you now as a seed that will grow within you.Not only to allow you to take that vibration into your hearts, into your minds, and in your spirits.

并让它为子孙后代生长，而且让你们自己开始自己的萨满之旅。来打开你的感官，去感受你周围那些现在根本看不见的东西。当你增强你的感官，精炼你的感官时。

and in your spirits, and allow it to grow for future generations, but also for yourselves to begin your own shamanistic journey within.To open your senses to the things that are around you all the time that are simply invisible now.Which may be revealed to you as you heighten your senses, refine your senses.

并让你的感官更好地接收更高频率的振动、能量和信息。这可能会向你展示。

and allow your senses to be better receivers of higher frequency vibrations and energy and information.

因此，今晚开始了一段不同的旅程。在未来几年，你可以在一条稳定、真实和明亮的道路上走过这段旅程。

Thus, tonight begins a different journey. A journey that you can walk through the coming years on a path that is stable and true and well illuminated.

通过你内心的光芒。在未来几天和几年里，随着分裂的棱镜继续将你能够在你们的世界上体验到的不同平行现实分叉，看到你将要经历的所有事情。

By your own inner light. To see you through all of the things that shall be coming in the days and years ahead as the splitting prism continues to bifurcate the different parallel realities that you are capable of experiencing on your world.

一个由许多世界重叠或并排划分的世界，通过透明的玻璃墙，你可以在一段时间内看到其他现实，包括你可能不喜欢的现实。

A world of many worlds overlapping or side by side divided by clear glass walls through which you may for a time see other realities including those you may not prefer.

但这些现实不会影响你，因为它们无法通过玻璃墙到达你身边。这个分光的棱镜将继续为你们每个人创造越来越多可能的现实选择和机会。

but which cannot affect you because they cannot reach you through the glass wall.This splitting prism will continue to create more and more and more probable reality options and opportunities for each and every one of you.

所以再一次，这个故事是在今晚讲给你的，作为你的向导，作为舵，帮助你穿过分裂的棱镜，穿过我们明天将讨论的风暴眼。

So, again, this story is given to you this night of your time to act as a guide, to act as a rudder, to help you navigate through that splitting prism, through the eye of the storm that we will discuss tomorrow of your time.

让你走得精确，与你的标志频率的指南针指针对齐，这样你就可以随时知道朝哪个方向走。向你的磁北出发，将你从未来的自我中描绘出来。

and allow you to walk true, aligned with the compass needle of your signature frequency so that you may always know what direction, in which to head.Unerring to your magnetic north that draws you from the future self.



因为正如我们现在所说的，你将更多地了解自己未来的自我，而不是过去的自我。你正在改变天平，越过有更多磁性的门槛。更多的能量来自你未来的自我，而不是过去的自我。

because now, as we have said, you're going to be far more informed by your own future selves than by your past selves.You are tipping the scale, crossing the threshold where there is more magnetism, more energy coming from your future selves than from the past.

过去的自我，现在让你离开。给你许可来锁定在那股电磁波中，这股电磁波驱使你走向更多属于自己的未来自我。

The past, the past self, is now letting you go, giving you permission to lock into that magnetic wave that urges you forward into more of your own future self.

这个萨满之路的故事是给你的，这样你就会通过同步性认识到这条路上的守护者会帮助你。

This story of the shamanistic path is given to you so that you will recognize, through synchronicity, the guardians on the path that will help you.

尽管那里可能会有测试和挑战，但不要害怕，因为这个故事让你像奥里诺科一样走这条路，就像奥里诺科将要走的那样。

And though there may be tests and challenges, fear them not,for this story gives you the insight to walk the path as Orinoco did, as Orinoco will.

让自己与未来的自己并肩前行，直到你踏入他的足迹，成为你长期以来认为超越自己的人。

To allow yourself to walk side by side with your future self, until you step into its footprints and become that which you have for so long considered to be beyond you.

现在他可以和你在一起了，你现在可以成为他，你现在能够在自己的存在中拥有他，沿着那些足迹，在探索中走在那条路上。

which now can be with you, which you now can be, which you now can own within your own being, and walking on that path in those footsteps, on that quest.

不要害怕未知。不要害怕前方的黑暗洞穴。因为从未知中，你只会发现更多的自己，而且无论从未知中得到什么，它也会带来所有你需要用来处理它的工具。来与它合作，来将它转化为越来越多的关于你自己的知识。

Fear not the unknown. Fear not the dark caves ahead.for from the unknown you shall discover nothing but more of yourself, and from the unknown no matter what comes out of it, it will also bring with it all the tools you need to handle it, to work with it, to transform it into more and more knowledge of yourself.

图片


越来越多地意识到你的存在、你的灵魂和你的真理。奥里诺科的探索是引导你的种子。所以，坚定地走这条路。

more and more awareness of your being, of your spirit, of your truth.Orinoco's quest is the seed which will guide you. So walk the path with firm resolve.

你可以带着过去的智慧，祖先的智慧，就像奥里诺科所做的那样，但要面向未来，而不是回顾往事。

You can bring with you the wisdom of the past, the wisdom of the ancestors, as Orinoco did, but use it facing forward, not looking back.

因为随着2020年的到来，它会从你自己的语言中降临到你身上。

For as your year of 2020 comes, it comes upon you from within your own language.

正如我们所说，这不仅是2020年展望未来的愿景，也是2020年后见之明，即非常清楚地理解你所经历的一切，以便能够清晰地走进你未来的自我。

It is not only, as we have said, the 2020 vision of looking forward, but the 2020 hindsight of understanding everything you have been to bring with you in great clarity, to be able to walk with clarity into your future self.

奥里诺科的探索是你发现自己、你的真实自我、你的完整自我的探索。享受旅程。我们感谢你们允许我们在你们今晚的这个时候分享这个故事。

Orinoco's quest is your quest to discover yourself, your true self, your whole self.Enjoy the journey. We thank you for allowing this story to be shared with you this night of your time.

当你今晚在你的温暖舒适的床上入睡时，请记住这一点。让它把你裹在胳膊的毯子里然后和奥里诺科一起走进梦境。

Remember it as you fall asleep tonight in the cozy warmth of your bed.Let it wrap you in the blanket of its arm and walk into the dream world with Orinoco.

你会在其中发现巨大的奇迹和神秘，以及你内在的巨大美丽。因此，作为对你们给予我们的礼物的回报，允许我们与你们分享这一点，我现在问你们。

You will find great wonder and mystery therein and great beauty within yourself. So in return for the gift you have given us in allowing us to share this with you, I ask you now.

我们可以以什么样的方式为你服务？如果你愿意的话请开始你的对话和问题吧。

In what way may we be of service to you?Please begin with your dialogues, your questions if you wish.


图片







阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 