巴夏：成为星际文明
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月26日 00:57 辽宁
前言

现在，你们已经到达了作为一个行星物种、到行星际物种、星际物种，并最终到达星系间物种的旅程中的一个时刻。

                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2024年9月15日

巴夏：好的，我会在你们今天的这个时候向你们问好，你们都好吗？好的，好的，让我们继续进行关于下一阶段公开接触的传讯。

All right，All right, let us continue with our transmission regarding the next phase of open contact.

正如我们在上次传讯中所说的那样，我们的想法是在未来五年内为外星人的引入做好准备。假设你们每个人都开始思考你们的生活将会是什么样子。

As we transmitted in the last transmission, the idea is to prepare yourselves for the introduction of extraterrestrials within the course of the next five of your years.Assuming that each and every one of you have begun to ponder what that would be like in your lives.

你会如何应对现实中的这些变化？我们现在将继续提供更多关于可能遵循公开接触的想法的步骤信息。然而，首先，我们想谈谈上次传讯中提到的一些事情。关于你们娱乐活动中的几种表达方式会是什么样的接触的想法。

how you would respond to those kinds of changes in your reality？we will continue now to provide a little bit more information about the steps that may follow with the idea of open contact.However, first, we would like to address something that was brought up in the last transmission.regarding the idea of what contact would be like with respect to a couple of expressions of your entertainment.

它是由《星球大战》和《星际迷航》之间的对比和比较提出的。这个想法是，《星球大战》代表了数百万年前在古老的猎户座星系中发生的事情。

It was brought up of the contrast and the comparisons between Star Wars and Star Trek.The idea is that Star Wars is representative of something that happened millions of years ago in the old Orion systems

图片

那里有很多压迫、镇压、叛乱、斗争、冲突、消极和恐惧。正如我们所说，这个想法是地球上有许多故事正在上演，以帮助完成一些旧的周期。所以古老的猎户座故事就在这里，这就是为什么，直觉地和集体的原因之一。

where there was a lot of oppression, suppression, rebellion, struggle, strife,negativity, fear.The idea, as we have said, is that there are many stories playing out on Earth to help finish some of those old cycles.So the ancient Orion story is here, which is one of the reasons why, intuitively and collectively.

《星球大战》的创作是为了把这个故事重新带回到你们的意识中，这样你们就可以处理它，面对它，开始让它离开。所以《星球大战》象征性地代表了你们的过去。

Star Wars was created to bring that back up into your consciousness so that you could process it,deal with it, begin to let it go.So Star Wars represents, symbolically, your past.

《星际迷航》象征性地代表了你们的未来，在那里你们正在走向一种和谐、探索和体验的想法。一种银河系中许多不同物种之间的联系。这个想法，当然，是最终你们自己，人类本身。将在外星技术的援助下冒险进入星际，成为其他文明的不明飞行物。

Star Trek represents, symbolically, your future, where you are moving into the idea of a unity, an exploration，an experience.an experience, a connection between many different species in the galaxy.The idea, of course, is that eventually you yourselves, humanity itself.will venture out among the stars with the assistance of extraterrestrial technology to become other civilizations, UFOs.

图片

让他们知道他们在宇宙中并不孤单。你们会遇到许多不同类型的文明，就像我们一样。你们中的许多人将专门研究如何接近这些文明。并在遥远的未来成为你们自己的第一次接触专家，在未来的几十年里。

To take on the process of letting them know that they are not alone in the universe.You will encounter many different kinds of civilizations just as we have.Many of you will specialize in exactly how you approach these civilizations.

并在遥远的未来成为你们自己的第一次接触专家，在在未来的几十年里。过去，我们曾讨论过一个离你们自己的文明并不十分遥远的文明的想法。从某种意义上说，这对你们来说将是一种测试案例。我们已经离开了这个文明。

And become first contact specialists yourselves in the far future, in the decades to come.We have, in the past, talked about the idea of a civilization not so very far away from your own.That will be, in a sense, a kind of test case for you.We have left this civilization alone.You will be the ones to make first contact with them as humanity.

巴纳德星

巴纳德星，距离太阳第二近的恒星（仅次于比邻星和半人马座阿尔法星的 A 和 B 分量的三重系统），距离 5.95 光年。它以 1916 年发现它的美国天文学家爱德华·爱默生·巴纳德 （Edward Emerson Barnard） 的名字命名。巴纳德星在所有已知恒星中具有最大的正常运动——每年 10.39 角秒。它是一颗视星等为 9.5 的红矮星，因此尽管距离很近，但肉眼无法看到它;它的固有光度只有太阳的 1/2,600。由于巴纳德星的接近速度很高，每秒 110 公里（68 英里），它逐渐靠近太阳系，到 11,800 年将到达它最近的距离点——即 3.85 光年。在 1938 年至 1981 年间拍摄观察到的这颗恒星的正常运动被认为显示出 0.02 角秒的周期性偏差。这种“扰动”被解释为是由两个行星伴星的引力引起的，它们的轨道周期分别为 13.5 年和 19 年，质量约为木星的三分之二。然而，这一发现并没有得到其他检测方法结果的支持，直到 2018 年，人们才终于在巴纳德恒星周围检测到了一颗行星。这颗行星的质量至少是地球的 3.2 倍，在大约 6000 万公里（3700 万英里）的距离上以 233 天的周期绕恒星运行。由于这颗恒星的光度很低，这颗行星不在宜居带，其表面的任何水都可能被冻结。

图片

这样，你们就可以接受训练，了解如何进行这一特定过程。来了解、观察、观看、研究、学习关于他们文明的一切。所以在你们的飞船中，你们可以开始决定是否以及何时适合接近他们。

So that you can be trained as to how to go about that particular process.To understand, to observe, to watch, to study, to learn what their civilization is all about.So in your ships, you can begin to decide whether it is and when it is appropriate for you to approach them.

对于你们来说，如何通过信息的分配，通过目击等等来发起第一次接触是合适的。程序将被制定。你们会计划，你们会商议，你们会计划，你们会协商，你们会在议会中共同决定。你们将如何接近那些你们认为可能已经准备好为他们的文明进行公开接触的新文明。

Programs will be laid out. You will plan, you will consult, you will confer,you will decide Together in councils.how you will approach new civilizations who you feel maybe ready for the very beginnings of open contact for their civilization.

现在，你们的做法将与我们不同，因为我们已经进化到了一个以一种非常不同的方式来做这件事的地步。但你们会有自己的方法，他们会了解你们作为一个物种。并最终通过你们的眼睛熟悉他们自己。

Now you will do it differently than we have done it, for we are evolved to a point where we have done this in a very different way.But you will have your way of doing this, and they will get to know you as a species.And become familiar with themselves through your eyes eventually.

这个想法可以回到《星球大战》和《星际迷航》。关于它是什么，以及它将会是什么。我们提醒你们，即使是在创造《星球大战》的娱乐过程中、也要给你们第一个线索，告诉你们这是关于你们的过去，而不是你们的未来、这个故事开始于很久很久以前，在一个遥远的星系。

The idea going back to Star Wars and Star Trek, as to what it is that was and what it is that will be.We remind you that even in the creation of the entertainment of Star Wars to give you your first clue that it is about your past and not your future.it begins a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.

现在再次的，正如我所说，有许多故事正在上演，正在结束，亚特兰蒂斯的故事。古老火星文明的故事，你们的许多灵魂在很久以前就化身于此。陨石轰击和其他自然灾害对其生态系统的破坏。使星球在一段时间内变得相对不适合居住，因此灵魂在地球上可行时开始化身。

Now again, there are, as I said, many stories playing out, finishing up, the story of Atlantis.the story of the ancient Martian civilization, which many of your souls incarnated upon a long time ago.The destruction of their ecosystem through meteoric bombardment and othernatural catastrophes.

图片


所以你们也在结束这个故事。这些是三个追求不同结果的主要故事、它们正在经历一个可能带来比历史上线性经历的更积极结果的过程。你们走到一起，再一次，是因为地球是一所学校，在这里故事可以被讲述，故事可以根据你们的选择和你们的转变能力以不同的方式上演。

So you are finishing out that story as well.Those are three of the main stories that are seeking a different outcome,that are experiencing a process that can lead to a more positive outcome than was experienced,linearly speaking, in history.You come together because again the Earth is the kind of school where stories can be told and stories can be played out in a different way according to your choices,according to your ability to transform.

现在，在你们星球上公开接触后的几年里、在像我这样的首次接触专家完成他们的工作之后，可以说。来自我们社会和其他社会的其他成员也将在让你们适应作为一个社会与外星存有互动的想法的过程中提供帮助。

Now, in the years following open contact on your planet.After the first contact specialists, such as myself, have done their job, so to speak.Others from our society and other societies will also be of assistance in the process of allowing you to acclimate to the idea of interacting as a society with extraterrestrial beings.

接下来是我们所说的社会工程师。当这个管道开始把我们的社会、我们的能量带过来的时候，尽管我最初是从我们与灵魂的协议那里建立起连接的。这个管道带来的第一批存有中，有一个女性来自我们的社会，对那些还记得的人来说，她被称为 "阿妮玛"。阿妮玛是我的同事，她是一名社会工程师。

Next will come what we term the social engineers.When this channel began to bring our society through, our energy through,even though I made the initial connection due to our agreement from Spirit.One of the first beings that the channel brought through was a female from my society that was termed "Anima" for those who will remember.Anima is a colleague of mine and she is a social engineer.

图片

所以她会和其他同类的人一起来到你们中间，帮助你们了解社会工程的概念，这基本上翻译成行星管理的概念。因为你们现在将开始理解你们的世界，你们的整个世界就是你们的家。并开始了解如何利用新技术在全球范围内管理事物。

So she will come among you with others of her kind to help you understand the idea of social engineering, which basically translates to the concept of planetary management.Since you will now begin to understand your world, your entire world as your home.And begin to understand with new technologies how to manage things on a global scale for the benefit of humanity.

还有其他人会来帮助你们理解如何在社会学、政治学、经济学等方面轻松、有益地转变你们的社会。以更有效的方式分配食物的想法，以体验更有效的方式分配自由能源的想法，体验自己真正成为全球公民的理念。最终保留你们文化差异的想法，并认可和珍惜它们。

And others who will come to aid and assist you in understanding how to transform easily,beneficially, your society sociologically, politically, economically, so on and so forth.To distribute the idea of sustenance in a more efficient way, to experience the idea of the distribution of free energy in a more efficient way,to experience the idea of yourselves truly as global citizens.Eventually retaining the idea of your cultural differences and validating and cherishing them.

图片

但是消除了你们在自己的星球上划定的任何政治边界的想法。在未来的岁月里，在未来的几十年里。这样你们就可以自由地旅行,环游你们的世界，让你们了解整个世界就是你们的家园，获得全球公民意识。这是人类迈向成为银河系人的下一步。

But erasing the idea of any political borders that you have drawn out onyour planet in the years to come, in the decades ahead.So that you may travel freely around your world,so that you may understand the entire world as your home, to gain global.So that you may understand the entire world as your home, to gain global consciousness.And that is the next step in humanity progressing towards becoming homo-galacticus.

因为当你们最终在群星中分散开时，你们会回望地球。并珍惜地球，保护地球，把地球作为你们真正的家园，这样你们就能拥有那个基础，有了那个锚点，这样你们就知道它一直在那里等着你们，在很长一段时间里。在未来的数千年里，直到它对于你们物种的进化不再是必要的。

Because as you spread out among the stars eventually, you will look back to Earth.And cherish Earth and preserve Earth as your true home, so that you have that basis，you have that anchor point, so that you know that it is always there for you，for quite a while.for millennia to come, until such time as it is no longer necessary for the evolution of your species.

就像我们说的，你们把它交给其他物种，让他们去利用地球的周期为自己的探索，为自己的人生道路，为自己的灵魂之旅。因此，这将是一个扩展的过程，一个连接的过程，一个意识的进步，越来越多地了解银河系中不同物种表达自己的所有不同方式。

And as we said, you turn it over to other species to take advantage of the cycles of Earth for their own exploration, for their own life path, for their own soul's journey.And so it will be a progression of expansion, a progression of connection,a progression of awareness, more and more introductions of all the different ways that different species within the galaxy have of expressing themselves.

从你们可能认为相对普通但不同的事情到你们认为极其奇特、几乎不可想象的事物不同的事物。随着时间的推移我们已经提到过其中一些物种、你们将有机会了解还有多少物种。甚至只是在你们自己的星系里。你们还没有发现数百万种的文明。

From things that you might consider relatively ordinary, but different to those you would consider to be extremely exotic and almost unimaginable.We have mentioned a few of these species over time,and you will be given the opportunity to understand how many more species there are.Even just in your own galaxy.There are literally millions of civilizations you have yet to discover.

图片

这是一个丰富的宝库，蕴藏着不同的视角、不同的体验、不同的理解、不同的意识、一切万有之源的不同表达方式。这样你们就可以找到连接和交流，尽管你们可能对如何表达你们对一切万有的反射有着极为不同的理解和体验。

It is a rich treasure trove of different perspectives, different experiences,different understandings, different awarenesses, different expressions of theone source of all that is.So that you may find connectivity and communion,even though you may have extremely different understandings and experiences of how you express the idea of your reflection of all that is.

灵魂层面永远存在着共同的纽带，因为所有的灵魂都是一样的。我们的灵魂和你们的灵魂是一样的，是同一种类型的灵魂。我们都会回到灵性世界的家中。这就是我们现在和你们所有人在一起的地方。

There will always be that common bond on the soul level, because all souls are the same.Our souls are the same souls as your souls, the same type of souls.We all go home to the spirit world.That is where we are right now with all of you.

但我们都是同一种灵魂，都是一切万有的同一种反射。确认我们所有的差异，才能在我们所有人之间创造和谐，尊重、肯定、珍视差异和不同的视角。这使你们开始运转当你们将它们连接在一起作为一个真正的整体系统，能够知道你们所需要的任何东西都存在于任何可以访问的地方。

But we are all the same kind of soul, all the same kind of reflection of all that is.The validation of all our differences is what will create unity among us all,to respect, to validate, to cherish as precious the differences,to respect, to validate, to cherish as precious the differences,the different perspectives.That allow you to start functioning when you connect them all together as a true holistic system, to be able to know that whatever you need exists somewhere that can be accessed.

这样就没有贫穷，这样就没有短缺，这样就没有匮乏。当你们允许自己与你们在群星中所能获得的一切相连接。这样你们就不再把自己当作一个孤立的世界，你们将获得超乎想象的丰富资源。你们将得到的第一份礼物，无论多么珍贵而奇妙，与你们最终在整个宇宙中所能获得的相比之下都显得微不足道了。

so that there is no want, so that there is no shortage, so that there is no lack.When you allow yourself to connect to all that is available to you among the stars.so that you are no longer experiencing yourselves as an isolated world,the abundance is beyond imagining to what you will have access to.The first gifts that you will be given, as precious and wondrous as they may be will pale by comparison to what you can eventually access throughout the cosmos.

你们的想象力还没有扩展到涵盖这里的一切。这将是发现的喜悦，是你们人类扩张的喜悦，去发现宇宙之路上等待你们的一切。现在，你们已经到达了作为一个行星物种、到行星际物种、星际物种，并最终到达星系间物种的旅程中的一个时刻。

You have yet to stretch your imaginations to encompass what is out here.This will be the joy of discovery, the joy of expansion of your species to discover all that awaits you on your cosmic path.Now that you have arrived at a point on your journey as a planetary species,to an interplanetary one, to an interstellar one, and eventually to an inter galactic one.

图片

最终仍然是到达一个跨宇宙的，一个多宇宙的物种，多维度的体验，等待你们的就在你们之内。现在，让我们来帮你们展开它，帮助你们走上这条路。这是你们的选择，你们中的许多人已经做出了选择。这就是为什么你们会体验到非常不同的东西在未来五年内引入公开接触时。

And eventually still to an inter-universal one, a multiversal species, multiple dimensions of experience,what awaits you is within you.Right now, allow us to help you unfold it, to help you walk that path.It is your choice, and the choice for many of you has been made,And that is why you will experience something very different in the introduction of open contact within the next five years.

我们深深地感谢你们，深表赞赏和感谢你们让我们通过你们扩大了银河大家庭。因为你们对我们来说很珍贵，我们欠你们很多。作为回报，我现在问你们，我们可以以哪种方式继续为你们服务？请开始你们的对话和提问，如果你们愿意，或者我应该说，如果你们敢的话。只是给你们一点神秘感。

We thank you profoundly, deeply, with great appreciation and gratitude for allowing us through you to expand our galactic family,for you are precious to us, and we owe you a lot.In return, I ask you now, in what way may we continue to be of service to you?Please begin with your dialogues and questions, if you wish, or shall I say, if you dare.Just to give you a bit of mystery.



阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 