Bashar巴夏：在分光棱镜照射下众多平行宇宙中为自己导航前行
原创 爱康Aikang 传送点 2020-03-14 07:22



Alright，we'd say good day to you at this day of your time how are you all?

在你们时间的今天，我们向大家问候。

祝你们今天愉快！你们大家好吗？

Alright.Alright.

好的.好的.



If we understand your response you are all woo.

We thank you for the co-creation once again of this interaction.

如果我们理解了你们的回应的话，你们今天很"Woo！"

我们再次感谢你们,共同创造了这次互动。



We would like to begin this transmission with the idea navigating the splitting prism of parallel realities.

我们很愿意开始这场传讯

主题是,在“透过分光棱镜照射下”的众多平行实相中为自己导航前行。



Now as we have said in other transmissions.

What you are experiencing on your planet at this time is a juncture，a junction point,a pivot point.

如同我们在其它传讯中说过的,

此时，你们在你们的星球上正经历的

是一个关键点，一个交汇点,一个转折点。



Especially coming up in your year of 2020 which symbolically represents the idea not only of clear vision forward,but also the idea of  twenty twenty hindsight.

特别是即将到来的，你们的年份-2020年。

它是具有象征性的一年，

它不仅仅代表着你们对未来、前方清晰的洞见

也代表，你们对过去（2020年以前）的后见之明”。



And ingathering together, all the lessons you have learned, all the information that you need to move forward with clarity in that pivotal year and the years to follow.

你们将把所有你们学到的教训，

所有你们需要的资讯收集到一起，

来帮助你们自己在那关键的一年里，

以及在那之后的几年里清晰地向前前进。



图片



Even though you may think，as we have said that you are all sharing one particular reality.

尽管你们可能认为（我们之前也说过）你们全部人在共享同一个实相



You are not

你们并没有



You are creating your own version，your own simulation through agreements telepathically connected agreements with each other to create what appears to be the same reality.

你在创造你自己的版本，

你们通过彼此“高我”心灵感应的合作协议，

创造了一个表面看上去一样的，你自己的“模拟实境”。



But each of you is creating your own and many of you now are beginning to realize as your society continues forward that there are many individuals who are choosing different expressions of reality that are not necessarily in alignment with the kind of experience that you prefer to have on your planet.Or again more precisely.On your planets.Because there are multiple versions of earth simultaneously coexisting here.

但你们每一个人，都在创造你们自己的实相。

现在，随着你们的社会继续地向前,你们有很多人正在开始意识到有很多个体正在选择做出不同的表达的实相。

那个实相不一定和你更喜欢的那种"会在你们的星球上发生的那种"体验一致。

或者，更准确点来说,你们的众多星球（复数）上。

因为有很多个不同版本的地球，同时共存在这里。



And the idea is that now the splitting prism has moved forward enough that there are starting to be,in between all of these different parallel realities,a kind of borderline a kind of barrier.You can liken it to the idea as we have said of a glass wall.

现在这些“光棱镜”已经向前移动得足够了。

在这些不同得平行实相之间 ，已经开始形成一种“边界线”，一种“屏障”。

正如我们已经说过的，你可以把它比作一面“玻璃墙” 。





You can see through it to the other realities, to the people that are not necessarily choosing things that are vibrationally compatible with the kind of reality, experience you prefer.

你可以看穿它，看到其它的平行实相,

到那些频率上,不一定与你"喜欢的那种实相和体验"兼容的人。



But that doesn't mean that they can affect you.Because they can no longer really reach you.Except by your choice to mirror or mimic what you're seeing on the other side of the glass.But there is no other effect than that.

但是那并不意味着他们能够影响你

因为以他们的频率，他们不再能触及到你。

除非是你自己选择去像镜子那样，“反射或模仿”玻璃墙另一边，你所看见的。

但除那之外，不会有其它效果。



Your choice to believe that you must be affected by them is you creating that effect in your reality your discrete parallel reality.So as you move forward, recognizing that each of you is in your own reality literally, 

你选择去相信“你必须被它们影响到”

是你，在你的实相里创造那个“影响”。

创造你的“不连续”的实相

所以，当你向前时，你不断分辨出

你们每个人都在你们自己的实相里,就是字面上的意思（毫不夸张）。



And that you can make more and more agreements with those that are more vibrationally compatible with what you prefer,to again continue to generate simulationsof these realities for yourselves that do harmonize with those that are vibrationly compatible with you,with those that are not vibrationaly compatible,with what you prefer and disharmonize or become more dis-coherent.The split becomes wider and wider the walls of glass become,in a sense,thicker and thicker and thicker.

你们可以和那些频率上，和你的喜好更相容的人，

达成越来越多的“你（们）更喜好的”那种协议，

来为你（们）自己，持续地生成这种的“模拟实境”

那种确实与你兼容的频率能和谐共存的模拟实境。

而那些你不喜好，或者与你能兼容的频率不一致的实相，

会很不协调或者变得没有连贯性。

某种意义上讲，实相的分离会越来越宽，“玻璃墙”会越来越厚、越来越厚。





Now the idea of navigating through what's happening in this splitting is to allow yourself the opportunity to not only follow the formula that we have given you that is representative of the instruction manual of how reality works which is act on your passion to the best you can，no assumption，no insistence on the outcome,and remaining in a positive state no matter how things look in order to extract a beneficial effect.

现在，在“正在发生的分离”中穿行，为自己导航前行这个概念，

是允许你自己抓住这个机会，不仅仅跟随我们已经给你们的“公式",

这个“公式”象征着一本物理世界如何运作的“使用手册",

既“最大程度为你的激情行动、不要设想、不要坚持某种成果、保持在一个积极的状态里，不论事情看起来是什么样，以提取到一个有益的效果。



So, for example, we have sometimes been asked questions such as “If I am in my reality, and I see something happening that is what I don't prefer, should I help?Yes. Because it is the action of being of assistance that belongs in the reality you prefer.

举个例子,有时候，我们会被问到这样的问题：“如果我在我的实相里，看见一些我不赞同的事正在发生,我应该帮忙吗？”

是的！因为"协助"这个动作，是“你赞同的实相”中的一部分。

那是你们们大多数人，理论上来讲，都会更喜欢的实相中的表达方式之一。





It isn't that, again, you have to expect a particular outcome from that, but it is the action itself, the offering itself that makes all the difference.That's one of the expressions of the reality that most of you theoretically would prefer--- that when someone gives off a signal that they might require assistance that you actually take the action of assisting them somehow.And whatever comes to fruition from that, will again, crystalize and solidify the reality of your preference.But the actions are key.

当有人发出一个讯号 — 他们可能需要协助,你确实采取了行动，以某种方式帮助他们。

再次说明，那并不是说你要期待从中得到某种特定的结果。

而是行动这个行为本身，“愿意提供协助”这个行为本身，让一切发生改变。

无论它会结出什么样的“果实”，再次重申，都将会形成和巩固你更喜好的那个实相。

这个“行动”本身才是关键。



We got another question recently about the idea of “If I'm in my reality and I'm walking along, and I see a piece of trash on the ground, should I pick it up?

Yes! If you don't prefer it to be in your reality, you have to demonstrate through your actions what this reality you prefer would actually be like, where people would automatically do those kinds of things.You have to be the first foremost living example of the behaviors that belong in the realities you prefer.

我们最近被问到另一个问题，是关于：“如果在我的实相里，我正独自走着，我看见地上有一片垃圾，我该把它捡起来吗？”

是的！如果你比较不喜欢它在你的实相里,你必须通过你的行动去证明,用你的身体力行示范：

你更喜欢的实相是什么样子,在那个实相里，那里的人们会自动地做出的那些行为。

你必须成为这最开始的、最前面的、生动的示范,示范出属于“你更喜好的那个实相”里的人们的表现.



By being that physical example and demonstrating those behaviors, others will see that.Others who wish to align with the similar kinds of reality, create those kinds of realities for themselves will see that.And they may realize that those are the kinds of behaviors that are representative of those kinds of realities.And you will have given them an opportunity to see through you, someone in their preferred reality doing something that represents the kind of reality they prefer.

通过成为那样一个物理实体的实例 ，通过展示那些行为，其他人就会看见.

其他那些，希望和这种类似的实相匹配的人，

希望为他们自己创造那样的实相的人们会看见。

而且他们可能会意识到,那种行为代表的那种实相。

而且你相当于给与了他们一个机会去看见,通过“你"一个来自他们更喜欢的实相里的人，正做着代表“他们更喜好的实相里的事”。



图片



So you become a living example to them,and an example and a solidifier and the crystallizer to yourself, by actually undertaking those kinds of actions that are representative of the reality in the way you would also prefer to see others behaving.

所以你对他们来说，就成了一个生动的示范,

通过你自己实际实行“那样的行为”，

在那个实相里具有代表性的行为,

你希望的，能在那个实相里看到人们做的行为，

你也成为自己的榜样，自己的实相的巩固者、塑造者。



Getting a reflection of that kind of consciousness, of that kind of conscientiousness, of that kind of awareness and the willingness to take action on it,to demonstrate what that reality really looks like and what the people living in that reality would actually naturally automatically do.Is this making some sense?

让自己的行为，反射出那种意识,

那种责任（自觉），那种觉知和意愿，

去采取行动，去展现那个实相究竟是什么样子，

以及生活在那个实相里的人们会实际上、自然地、不假思索地做什么。

这讲得通吗？



So the idea then, is as you go through life, as you act on your passion, best you can,as you let go of the insistence on what the outcome should look like,

as you remain by choice in a positive state no matter what happens, so that you can derive the benefit from that circumstance,

所以这个概念是,当你经历人生,当你为热忱行动,

并做到你能做到的最好，释然对某种结果的坚持。

当你依然选择一个积极、正向的状态，无论发生什么。

那样，你就会从那种状况中，获得种种益处。



also, put yourselves out there, take the actions that are representative of that passion. Don't hesitate. Don't hold back.

If you feel like you need to express yourself through writing, write.If you need to express yourself through painting, paint.

If you need to express yourself through acting, act.In some way shape or form express your creativity, express Who You Are to the physical actions on a daily basis.

与此同时

为能代表你的热情的事物行动

把你自己“放出来”（译注：对自己的感受保持真诚，敞开心灵）

不要犹豫，不要压制那个热忱和行动。

如果你需要通过书写表达自己，那就写。

如果你需要通过画画表达自己，那就画。

如果你需要通过表演（注2:可以翻作行动）表达自己，那就表演（行动）。

用任何方式,表达你的创造力。

每一天，通过物理上的实际行动，表达你是谁。



图片



so that others may see through you as an living example what that reality looks like, and what the citizen of that reality do.And it will start to really bleed-through, it will start to rub off on others who are even minorly willing to navigate in that direction.

So each of you becomes a crystallized nodal point, that magnetic nodal point that starts to attract more and more like-minded people,even if their vibration is not exactly aligned, you can act as a magnetic nodal point to again give them more opportunity to realize –“Oh, this looks more like the reality I prefer.”

“I see the actions of these people here, that looks more like the reality I prefer. And so I myself will also take those actions, so that they can see something similar in the reflection that I am to them.”

这样其他人就可以通过看你这个活生生的例子,

知道那个实相是什么样，那个实相里的居民们会做什么。

开始这些行动会真正地开始“渗透”，“磨去”那些一点点都不愿意往那个方向航行的人。

这样你们每个人都成为一个“结晶化节点”，一个“有磁力节点”。

它开始吸引越来越多志同道合的人,虽然他们的振动不是完完全全一样的，

你还是可以像一个“磁力点”一样，给他们更多机会意识到:

"Oh！这个好像看起来更像我喜欢的实相,我看了这些人的行为，那看起来更像我更喜欢的那个实相。

我自己也要做那些行为,这样他们就可以看到，我身上的反射有和他们相似的地方。"



Don't hesitate.

Remember! Please remember!

if you have a gift to give,that means there has to be someone waiting to receive it.Otherwise you wouldn't be excited about having that gift.

So please do not deprive others about expressing yourself that way of the gift that they are waiting to receive from you.

不要犹豫

记住！请记住！

如果你有一份礼物要给予,

那意味着，一定有某个人正等待着接受这份礼物.

否则，你不会对自己拥有那个礼物那么兴奋，

不会对那种方式表达自己那么兴奋。

所以,请不要夺去那被人们等待着接受的,来自你的礼物。



Let go.Open up.

Take the actions every day as best as you can，every moment that you can on the things that give you joy.

Don't just muse about them.Don't just wishdon't just think.don't just meditate.These are all wonderful States of being.

放手(放飞心灵)

敞开心灵(保持开放的态度)

每一天,每一个片刻,为给予你快乐的事物行动起来，做到你能做的最好。

别只是“凝望”它,

别只是许愿,

别只是思考,

别只是冥想,

这些都是很棒的存在状态。



But the action completes the circuit.It completes the cycle.

and it allows the higher mind to know that you actually heard the message it's sent you through passion because you are speaking in the language of physical reality

and therefore you are creating a space by taking those actions that allows the higher mind to not only know you heard it,but that you're willing to handle more opportunities of what it is that is representative of your true self.

但是行动才能“连通整个电路”,行动使循环完整,

而且行动让“高我”得知,你确实听到了它通过“热情”，发送给你的讯息.

因为你使用的是“物质世界的语言".

因此你通过那些行动，创造着一个空间。

在那个空间里，你不但允许“高我”听到你的回应，

而且你愿意把握更多,让高我通过“热情”,把那些代表着你的“真我"的机会传送给你。



For if you do not act on the things it's already sent you.why should it send you anymore?It would be pointless.So the more you act the more space you make for more opportunities,to act on your excitement,to act on your passion you create this cycle and it expands and expands and expands.

而如果你对传送给你的热情，不采取任何行动，

那为什么还要再传送给你呢？那样的话毫无意义。

所以你越是行动，你制造出的“为你的热情行动”"为你的最高兴奋行动”的空间就越多。

你创造了这个循环，并且使它不断拓展、拓展、再拓展。



So again,even though there may be those that you see through the glass walls into another reality that are behaving vibration Lee incompatible with what you prefer.

At the very least,by being your trueselves and taking these actions that are representative of the reality the version of earth you prefer you are even giving them an opportunity because they can see you too

You are at least giving them an opportunity to knowthere might be another choice  they could make,there might be another path they could take.

所以，再次重申，即使你们透过“玻璃墙”看到别的实相里，

那些人的行为可能和你更喜欢的相抵触。

但是最起码,通过做真实的自己，采取能“代表那个实相的“行动，

那个代表“你更喜欢的版本的地球”的行动。

你甚至是在给他们一个机会，因为他们也能看见你。

至少，你在给他们一个机会知道，他们可能还有其它选择，

他们可能还能选其它的道路。



Not that they have to.This is not about insistence. It's about allowance it's about demonstration to show that there are options.And in that way with those actions and being a living example of that realitythrough your actions,

And bit by bit,you take steps more and more everyday toward that reality,do you,solidify and crystallize for yourself the reality the version of earth that is truly more vibrationly compatible with the reflection that you would prefer to see.

Waiting a little bit to some degree for some others to catch up.But not to the point where it holds you back.

并不是说他们必须那样做.

这不是关于“执着”,这是关于“允许”，

这是关于“示范”，去展现有多种选择。

去成为一个代表“那个实相”的活生生的例子,

每一天朝着那个实相，一点一点，你采取越来越多行动,

用那种方式和那些行动,你在为自己巩固那个实相，使那个实相形成,

那个版本的地球,是真正在能量上,更能兼容“你更愿意看到的反射”的版本。

在某种程度上稍微等一下下，让其他人跟上来。

但不是到会拉你后腿（压制你）的程度



Makes sense?

讲得通吗？

Audience:Yes! 

观众：是的!

Bashar:Alright.

巴夏：好的



Up to you to decide.How this works for you.

But take the actions that you can.

由你去决定,你去如何实践会对你凑效.

但是尽你所能行动起来

我们感谢你们允许我们，跟你们分享这些。



We thank you for allowing us to share this idea with you.And we may discuss this in more depth as we move along

But for now in return,for the wonderful gift you are giving to us and allowing us to experience each and every one of you.

I ask,in return,how may we,now be of servicein your questions and your dialogues with us？

Please begin however you so desire.

随着继续航行的步伐，我们可能会更多、更深层次地讨论这些。

但是此刻作为回报,作为感谢你们正在给与我们的美好的礼物-允许我们感知你们每一个人的回报,

我要问,作为回报,我们以何种方式“在你们的问题,以及与我们的对话中”能为你们提供帮助？

请开始，以任何你们愿意的方式。



节选自：Navigating the splitting prism

时间：2019.12.16

地点：旧金山

时长：3小时45分

网址：https://www.basharstore.com/navigating-the-splitting-prism-of-parallel-realities/


不同形状的分光棱镜:把平行的混合白光折射成七彩色光。


图片


翻译时间较长，有些双关语和概念，以及一些长句较难翻译，自己觉得有些内容和能量很难用文字精确表达，或者每个人会感受到不同的理解。视频制作时尽量与Bashar的语速节奏语气一致，希望能让大家更多地感受Bashar的能量。


欢迎大家一起交流分享！??