巴夏：无极限
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2018-03-31


我在你们今天的这个时间向你们问好，日安！ I'll say good day to you this day of your time, how are you all?

好的，好的 all right, alright.

再次，我们感谢你们给予我们机会传递并与你们分享这个信息 once again we thank you for the opportunity to transmit and share with you this information.

这场传讯已被命名为“无极限” this transmission has been titled "limitations unlimited".

我们知道，通常在你们的社会，当你们谈到诸如“限制”这样的事情时 now we understand in general in your society that when your people speak of such things as limitations.

它常常会带有负面的含义 it quite often will carry with it a negative connotation.

因为我们已经讨论过放开限制是一件好事 because it has been discussed that it is a positive thing to let go of limitations,

放开限制给你一种自由的扩张感 that letting go of limitations gives you a sense of expansiveness of freedom.

的确如此 and this is so

但我们现在想澄清一下“限制”这个概念 but we would like to clarify the idea of limitations now

更加准确地 much more precisely

所以这个概念并不仅仅只用负面的一面来概括 so that the idea is not just generalized with a negative light.

因为有这样一种东西，由于没有更好的词 because there is such a thing as for lack of a better term,

就叫正面的限制 positive limitations

事实上，你所体验的大部分限制都是正面的限制 in fact the majority of limitations you experience are positive limitations.

有另一个词可能会更有点说明性 now perhaps a different word might be a little bit more illustrative

也许叫做“指导方针”或者“意图的焦点” maybe the idea of guidelines or the idea of focus of intention,

可能是另一种方法来表达正面限制这个概念 might be another way to express the concept of positive limitation.

因为我们知道，不是为了混淆事物 because we do understand, not to confuse things,

而是为了更准确的 but to be more precise

我们知道，从本质上讲，从机制上讲 we do understand that essentially mechanically speaking,

是的，在这意义上讲，机制上限制是负面的 yes, limitations are mechanically negative in the sense,

它们创造了一种分离的体验，为了获得新的体验 that they create a kind of disconnection experience for getting experience.

因此它们可能在机制上是消极的 and the idea therefore that they might be mechanically negative,

但这并不意味着你不能以积极的方式去利用它们 doesn't mean that you cannot use them in a positive way.

用积极的方式去运用限制就是我们所说的正面的限制 and using limitations in a positive way is what we mean by positive limitations.

比如 for example,

总的来说，你们同意了玩这个地球物理现实的游戏 you have agreed in general to play the earth physical reality game.

明显地 obviously

从一开始 right from the get-go

这是施加在你的扩展意识上的一种限制 that is a kind of imposed limitation on your expanded consciousness,

作为一个灵魂，作为一个更伟大的存有 as a spirit, as a larger being.

你必须往下聚焦，给你自己一些参数，一些界限，一些指导方针可以聚焦在上面 you have to focus down, give yourself some parameters, some boundaries, some guidelines to focus upon.

从而来玩物理现实的地球游戏 in order to play the physical reality earth game.

在某种意义上这比你在非物质现实中作为灵魂会体验到的更加的限制 which is in a sense more limited than the one that you would experience as a spirit in non-physical reality.

但这没关系 but that's alright

这些你为自己创造的分界线、边界 these boundaries these borders that you create for yourself,

这些指导方针和所谓的如何玩游戏的规则 these guidelines and so-called rules of how to play the game

正是这让你获得了对造物过程正面的体验 is what allows you to gain a positive experience of the process of creation.

即使在这一现实中，也有许多方法可以体验到“以积极的方式去使用限制”这个概念 and even within that reality there are many ways to experience the concept of using limitations in a positive way.

再次很明显的是，当你开始你的一天 again clearly, as you go about your day

你所经历的事情，是你焦点的产物和结果，像是在你的激情上面 you experience things that are the product and the result of you focusing, on such things as your passion

像是专注在与你的朋友和家人交流上面 on such things as communicating with your friends and families

你用了很多方法来着手设计这些东西 there are ways in which you have gone about designing these things

这充分利用了这样一个事实，即你可以限制你的意识来以一种特定的方式进行一场非常具体的聚焦体验 that takes advantage of the fact that you can limit your consciousness to have a very specifically focused experience in one particular way

而不用注意到你在现实中可能有的其它各种的联系 without paying attention to all the other connections that you may have in reality.

然后时不时地你会放松这些聚焦 and from time to time you can loosen those up,

这让你自己变得更多地意识到那些其它的连接 and allow yourself to become more aware of some of those other connections.

但是其实那也是一种焦点限制 but then even that is a kind of focus limitation.

因为你通常一次只注意一到两个或几个特定的事情 because you usually pay attention to one or two or a few particular things at a time,

从而啮合造物的过程，这样你的物质头脑就能操作它，就能处理它 in order to engage that process of creation in a way that your physical mind can handle it, can process it.

物质头脑本身就是对你的意识施加限制的产物 the physical mind itself again is the product of imposing a limitation on your consciousness

通过创造一个人造的人格结构 by creating an artificial personality structure,

这包括定义，信念系统，情感，思维模式，行为，等等 that contains definitions, belief systems, emotions, thought patterns, behaviors, so on and so forth.

但是，所有这些都是为了进行一场特殊的旅行 but again all for the purpose of going on a particular ride.

就像如果你决定去你们的主题公园，你们的游乐园一样 just in the same way that if you decide to go to one of your theme parks, one of your amusement parks

通常你一次会专注于一个项目 you will focus on usually a ride at a time,

或者你和你的朋友们一起享受的东西 or what it is that you are enjoying with your friends,

或者你当时正在吃的东西 or what it is you happen to be eating at that moment,

这个焦点给了你这些指南和参数 that focus gives you those guidelines and parameters,

给了你一种强烈的体验 give you an intensity of experience.

这就是它的作用 that's what it's for

这就像缩小你的视野 it's like narrowing down your vision

这样就有一个非常小的洞，通过它，很多能量和体验可以进来 so that there is a very small aperture through which a lot of energy and a lot of experience can come

来让它成为你能拥有的最爽快的和最强烈的体验 to allow it to be the most invigorating the most intense experience that you can have.

这样你就能真正活得很充实 so that you're really living to the fullest.

你会从这个物理现实的梦境里得到你所能得到的和你所能体验的每一点 you're really getting every little ounce of what you can get and what you can experience out of this physical reality dream

这是一个在你意识上的限制 it's a limitation upon your consciousness.

因为它只是意识的投射 because it is just a projection of consciousness,

但它是一种看似真实的投射 but it is a projection that is made to seem real

这样你就可以对物理现实有一种发自内心的体验 so that you can have a visceral experience of physical reality

否则它会是透明的 otherwise it would be diaphanous

它只会由虚幻的东西构成 it would simply be made of smoke and mirrors,

你将永远无法真正拥有你现在有的那种体验 you would never be able to really have the kind of experiences that you have,

如果不正面使用限制的话 without the positive use of limitation.

你们跟得上吗？ you follow along?

所以我们只是在今天与你们分享这个想法 so we simply share this idea with you this day of your time.

这样你就不必在你的人生中 so that you don't necessarily go through your life

自动赋予“限制”消极的意义 just automatically assigning negative meanings to the ideas of limitations.

然后你可以学会去感恩你用积极的方式去使用限制是多么的机智，多么有创意，多么有益啊 and that you can really learn to appreciate how clever how creative how beneficial the limitations are that you use in positive ways,

给你美妙的、极好的、有创意的美感体验 to give you the wonderful beautiful creative artistic experience.

你们已称为物质生活 you're having called physical life.

所以这是为了让你们稍微开放一点 so this is for the purpose of allowing you to open up a little bit,

不太局限于你看待限制的方式 not be quite so limited in how you look at limitations,

给你自己一个正面体验的好处，巧妙地利用制造你意识上限制的负面能量或者负面机制 and give yourself the benefit of the positive experience of how you cleverly use the negative energy or the negative mechanics of creating a limitation on your consciousness

从而给自己创造一种非常强大的积极的人生体验 in order to create a very powerful positive experience of life for yourselves

你明白吗？ you understand?

好的 all right

就让这慢慢吸收 so just let that sink in

让“你如何聚焦限制”的想法再次自然地发生，同步性将会为你服务 let the idea of how you focus on limitations just happen naturally again, synchronicity will serve you,

会指出在任何时刻你需要关注的东西，以及你在任何时候需要注意的规则、准则或限制因素 as to what you need to focus on at any given moment and what kind of rules or guidelines or parameters you need to pay attention to at any given moment

它是一种可调节的动态变化的东西 it's an adjustable dynamically changing thing,

总是根据你在那一时刻的需要而变动，基于你所发出的振动 always fluctuating in accordance to what you need at any given moment based on your vibration that you're giving off.

所以让它自然地发生 so just let it occur naturally,

它将指引你准确无误地度过一生，让你经历到你恰好需要体验的 and it will guide you unerringly through life to allow you to experience exactly what you need to experience

只要你以积极和有益的方式去使用这个工具 in using that tool in a positive and beneficial way.

那么作为你们给予我们礼物的回报 so then in return for the gift that you are giving to us,

让我们体验到你们所有人 in allowing us to experience all of you.

请问现在我们可以以什么样的方式来为你们服务 we asked in what way may we now be of service to you.

请开始你们想要的提问和对话吧 please begin with your questions and comments if you wish.