 巴夏：自我赋权圆环
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-12-07





巴夏：自我赋权圆环



我在你们今天的这个时间向你们问好，日安！。I'll say good day to you this day of your time how are you all

好的，好的，谢谢！。alright alright thank you

哦，谢谢！。oh thank you

对于在今天这场传讯我们要向你们介绍的是。for the idea that we are presenting to you in this transmission today

我们想送给在场的你们一件礼物。we would like to present a present in the present for you

我们已取名叫做“自我授权圆环”。that we have called the circle of self-empowerment

这是一个非常强大的意识许可。this is a very powerful permission slip

你可以用它来协调、校准和放大你大脑中神经网络的振动频率。that you can utilize to harmonize and synchronize and amplify the vibrational frequencies of the neurological net in your brain

你会在你生活中的很多时候，取决于你所做的事情，你所经历的状态。you will at various times in your lives depending upon what you're doing what state you're in experienced

其中很多这些振动状态都列在你们手中的纸上。many of these vibrational states that are listed on the papers that you have in your hands

但是通过特定的方式经历它们，通过专注于它们，通过特定的方式冥想它们。but by going through them in a particular way by focusing on them by meditating on them in a particular way

你可以提高你大脑的传导率。you can increase the conductivity of your brain

进而创造一个整体的效果，这会让你在生活中体验到加速。and then create an overall effect that will allow for an experience of acceleration in your lives

因为当你训练自己去适应与所有这些不同脑电波状态之间的关系时。because when you train yourselves to get used to the relationship between all these different brainwave states

每天花大约15分钟来练习完成这个自我赋权意识许可的螺旋回环，由你决定。and practice going through this spiraling circle of self empowerment permission slip for about 15 minutes a day, up to you

但这是可以让它最有效的大致平均时间。but that's about the average time that will allow it to work best

然后在你度过一天的同时，你可以让自己发现。then you can allow yourself to find that as you go through the course of your day

以及由于种种原因，当你从一个状态转到另一个状态。and as you shift from one state to another for a variety of reasons

它会给你更多的能力。it will give you more capability

它会增强你的能力，使你更顺利地转变，使你更清醒地意识到你所处的状态。it will enhance your ability to shift more smoothly to be more conscious and aware of the state you are in

而且也在你需要的时候让你能够更加有意识地更加主动地转换到那些状态。and also to shift to those states more consciously more intentionally when you need to

因此，让你进入你当时正需要的一个更有意识的状态。thus allowing you to access what you need exactly when you need to in a more aware state

利用这些不同的脑电波状态作为工具，增强你的洞察力，提高你的敏感度，接收至关重要，与你此生的旅程、探索的主题息息相关的更高频率的能量、信息和启示。utilizing these different brainwave states as tools to improve your perception to enhance your sensitivity to receive higher frequency energies and information and messages that are important and relevant for your journey your theme of exploration in this life

因此，现在让我们简单地介绍一下这个意识许可是如何工作的。so let us now take you through briefly how this permission slip will work

正如你们可以看到，我们在这个意识许可中囊括了7个基本的脑波状态。now as you can see there are seven basic brainwave states that we are covering in this permission slip

我们从最低的叫做Epsilon（艾普西隆）频率开始。we begin with the lowest frequency that is called Epsilon

不过需要理解的是。now something that needs to be understood

即使Epsilon（艾普西隆）是最低的频率，大约只有0.5赫兹。even though epsilon is the lowest frequency at only about one-half circle per second

它是你大脑组件中最强大的频率之一。it is one of the most powerful frequencies in your paintbox of the brain

因为它奠定了基础。because it lays a foundation

不仅仅是为它上面所有的中间频率奠定基础。not only for all the interim frequencies above it

而且当你达到这个练习中最高频率的时候，lambda（兰德）频率，在你大脑中的频率是100到200赫兹之间。but when you reach the highest frequency in this exercise the lambda frequency between 100 and 200 cycles per second in your brain

在低频率epsilon（艾普西隆）和最高频率lambda（兰德）之间有一种特殊又特别的关系。there is a particular and specific relationship between the epsilon low frequency and the lambda highest frequency

我们待会解释，在我们一边介绍这个特殊的意识许可，一边讲解不同层级的时候。that we will explain in a few minutes as we go through this particular permission slip as we explain the different levels

下一个在epsilon（艾普西隆）水平之上的是。next above the epsilon level

你们有delta（戴尔塔）水平的脑波，你们现在更时常会在你们熟睡或者深度疗愈状态时体验到。you have the delta level which you more often now will experience when you're asleep in a deep sleep or a deep healing state

然后你们会发现theta（西塔）水平的。then you will find the theta level

这会让你体验到某种认知状态，意识状态，预知和通灵特异功能等等。which will allow you to experience certain states of cognition, awareness, precognition, psychic functioning and so forth

以一种非常特殊的方式将你连接到存在于造物中的信息入口。connecting you in a very specific way to informational access that exists within creation

然后你们有Alpha（阿尔法）水平的脑波，它可以容许你在身心灵之间处于一种深度的放松和协调状态。then you have the Alpha level which allows for a profound state of relaxation and alignment between the body and the mind and the spirit

接下来你们有beta（贝塔）状态，这就是你们所称的平常的清醒状态，你们现在大多数人通常都处于这种状态。and then you have the beta state which is what you would call your typical waking state that which most of you are in right now in general

它允许你能够以一种非常清晰和简洁的方式通过你们的人格建构来感知和体验你们的物理现实。that allows for the ability to perceive and experience your physical reality through your personality construct in a very clear and concise way

然后你们有Gamma（伽马）状态。and then you have the Gamma state

40到100赫兹。40 cycles a second up to 100

这让你有机会连接不同维度层面的意识和信息。that allows you the opportunity to connect to different dimensional levels of awareness and information

这通常被叫做通灵状态。this is what has typically been called the channeling state

所以当你在做一些你热爱的事情，做你喜欢的事情的时候。so that when you are doing something you're passionate about something you love to do

你会发现你通常会在那个伽马范围内。you will find that you will typically be somewhere in that gamma range

而今，你们星球上的一些人会认识到有伽马，而且还有高伽马波。now some individuals on your planet will recognize that there is gamma and that there is high gamma

如果你希望的话，你可以把40赫兹和100赫兹分成两个组。so you can if you wish split the idea between 40 cycles per second and 100 cycles per second into two groups if you wish

但你不必这么做。but you don't have to do that

然而，它允许你连接到其他维度的意识，其他层面的意识，与运作在相同层面上的其它现实的存有建立连接。nevertheless it allows you the connectivity to other dimensional awareness, other levels of consciousness, other beings that might operate on the same level in other realities and make connections

不仅连接到你的高我，而且也同样连接到其他意识。not only to your higher mind but to other consciousnesses as well

然后是lambda（兰德）状态，100赫兹到200赫兹。and then there is the lambda state 100 to 200 cycles per second

这是一种高传导性的状态。that is a state of hyper conductivity

这让你能够真正体验到与造物，与源头的连接。that allows you to truly experience connection to creation connection to source

你们会叫做纯粹的启发灵感的洞察力。what you would call pure inspirational insight

纯粹的启发性的洞察力和许多其它现象。pure revelatory insight and many other phenomena

这些都是大致表述。these are general representations

在你们手里的纸中，有每个层次更详细的解释。and you have a little bit more of a detailed explanation of each of these levels in your hand on these papers

但要理解最深远的意义是。but the most profound thing to understand

当你达到lambda状态时。when you arrive at the lambda state

例如，在你的大脑中，以每秒大约200个周期运作着。say for example operating at about 200 cycles per second in your brain

此时一切都很好的同步和协调，如此有条理的在一个非常高的层面上来合成和处理信息和意识。where everything is quite well synchronized and harmonized and organized in such a way as to synthesize and process information and awareness at a very high level

这里发生了一些意义深远的事情。something profound happens here

在最高状态“lambda”状态和最低状态“epsilon”之间有着很深的联系。there is a deep connection between the highest state the lambda state and the lowest state the epsilon state

这就是为什么你们可以在图上的螺旋中看到，当你到达螺旋的正中心时，它会直接穿回到“Epsilon”状态。that is why you can see on the spiral in the diagram that there is then when you reach the very center of the spiral, it crosses over directly back to the Epsilon state

它们以一种特殊的方式联系在一起。they are linked in a specific way

如下说明。like the following illustration

想象一下，在你的脑海里，比方说这个“Epsilon”的状态是一个非常慢的波长，就像这样。so imagine in your mind the idea say of the Epsilon state is a very slow wavelength like this

1 / 2周期每秒或者每两秒钟循环一次，非常慢。one half cycle per second or one cycle every two seconds, very slow

现在想象一下“lambda”状态，非常高，振动非常快。but now imagine the idea of the lambda state very high, vibrating very quickly

高频率。high frequency

比身体能产生的还要高得多。much higher than even the body can produce

但这是举例说明，你懂的。but it's an illustration you get the point

但当你达到最高水平时，就是lambda状态时。but the idea is that when you reach the highest levels the lambda state itself

非常有趣的事情发生了。something very interesting happens

有一种谐调的关系开始以如下方式表现出来。there is a harmonic relationship that begins to reveal itself in the following way

而在其它状态中你可能除了纯正的频率本身之外不会察觉到任何东西，比如在伽玛状态中。whereas you might not perceive in the other states anything but the pure frequency itself let's say in gamma

在40到100赫兹运作着。going along 40-100 cycles per second

当你超过100到200赫兹在lambda状态的时候。when you get above a hundred to 200 in the lambda state

不仅仅振动频率是这样运作的。not only is the vibrational frequency going like this

向前进行一段时间。moving forward in time

但它同样也像这样运作。but it's also going like this

体现和表明了它之下的基础水平“epsilon”状态。exemplifying and illustrating the foundational level that underlies it of the epsilon state

所以你有一个非常快的频率在一个非常慢的波上移动，就像它被那个波所携带一样。so you have a very fast frequency moving on a wave that is very slow as if it is being carried by that wave

所以它们在这一点上相互关联形成一个圈，一个循环，放大自己，启动自己，后退然后继续通过你的脑电波，你的化学反应，你的神经，你体内的电化信息传输源进化、循环和运转。so they are interlinked at that point and form a circle a cycle that amplifies itself boots itself, back up and continues to evolve and revolve and cycle through your brain waves, your chemistry, your neurology, the electrochemical informational transmission sources within you

所以这就是这个特殊的意识许可的背后含义。so this is the idea behind this particular permission slip

“自我赋权的圆环”就是从这个epsilon频率开始冥想15分钟。the circle of self-empowerment is that when you start to meditate for 15 minutes starting with the epsilon frequency

你可以在你们的网上找到所有这些频率的实际表现形式。and you can find actual representations of all of these frequencies on your internet

如果你想通过你的耳朵听到它们。if you wish to actually hear them through your ears

然而仅仅聚焦在epsilon状态上，通过注视螺旋开始的地方。but even just focusing on the idea of the epsilon state by looking at where that spiral begins

慢慢地15分钟过完，顺着那个螺旋穿过所有不同的频率。and slowly over that 15 minutes following that spiral through all the different frequencies

并意识到每个频率的意义。being aware of what each of those frequencies are for

它们代表什么，反映什么，象征什么，它们让你体验到什么。and what they represent, what they reflect, what they symbolize, what they allow you to experience

在这15分钟的过程中你跟随这个螺旋的同时。as you go and follow that spiral over the course of that 15 minutes

给你自己一些时间，让自己真正去感受真正搞清楚，让自己沉浸在每个频率的想法中。give yourself time to really feel really feel out and live in and immerse yourself in each of those frequency ideas

大约每个两分钟差不多就能得到14到15分钟的冥想。approximately two minutes each roughly to get your 14 15 minute meditation

穿过它们所有7个，螺旋下降到中心。going through them all seven of them and spiraling down to the center

然后在最后在最中心，当你到达高频率lambda的中心时。and then at the very last in the very center, when you reach that center of the high lambda frequency

当螺旋圈缠绕得非常紧。when the coil is wound very tight

允许你自己感受那突然的爆发，就像能量和信息从你的身体里迸发出来进入宇宙。allow yourself to feel that burst as energy and information goes out from you into the cosmos

而且也向内，交叉重新连回那个epsilon频率。but also then goes inward and cross connects back again to that epsilon frequency

但要知道在那上面的是lambda频率。but knowing that on top of that is the lambda frequency

让两者相融啮合在一起，直到你柔和地允许epsilon频率回来并主导。and allow the two to merge in mesh until you softly allow the epsilon frequency to come back and dominate

然后放松。and then relax

并知道你已经在你的大脑中给出了你的神经网络。and know that you have given your neurological net in your brain

一种特殊的训练方式。a particular kind of workout

一种特殊的练习方式，来让它开始更加熟悉这个顺序的范围。a particular kind of exercise to get it to start being more familiar with the range in that order

这样你就可以更平滑地从一个状态转换到另一个状态。so that again you can create smoother transitions from one state to the other

如果你愿意，你可以这样练习一到三个月。and as you do this over the course of one to two to three months, if you wish

取决于你，按照你的节奏，没关系的。up to you your pace it's fine

相信你的想象力。trust your imagination

但是我们已经告诉你们大致上它是如何工作的。but we're giving you the general idea of how this works

任何一天所需要做的就是14到15分钟的练习，仅此而已。and 14 to 15 minutes is all that's necessary in any given day, that's all

超过这个，它还有点会妨碍迷糊你大脑处理事情。beyond that, it kind of gets fuzzy in the way that your brain processes things

所以15分钟是你大脑能够最佳地吸收这个意识许可的能量的过渡时间。so 15 minutes is the transition time for your brain to optimally absorb the energy of this permission slip

所以，就这样穿过它，轻轻地柔和地，欢乐地，感受这些感觉这些振动在你的想象中。so just go through it that way, gently softly with fun, feeling those feelings those vibrations in your imagination

理解每个都反映了什么、象征了什么和代表了你内在的什么东西。understanding what each reflects and symbolizes and represents within you

随着时间的推移，你会开始感觉自己在每一天中转换到这些你所需的各种频率。and over time you will start to feel yourself shifting to these different frequencies as you need to during the course of any given day

并且也会开始发展出更多的能力，来在你需要的时候，转换你自己到那些频率上。and will start to develop more ability to actually shift yourself to those frequencies when you need to

只需要非常非常少的工作或努力。with very very very little work or effort involved

久而久之便会对齐到那个水平，你会习惯它的。it just will be something that will snap to that level over time, you'll get used to it

因此，你可以更有意识地引导你的脑波频率进入你需要的合适状态。and thus you can more consciously guide your brainwave frequencies into the proper states you need

来接受你所需要接受的，代表了那个状态的东西。to be receiving what you need to receive that is representative from that state

听懂了吗？。does this make sense

好的，所以使用它，指导你的想象力。alright so use it as your imagination instructs

作为你高我的指引。as your higher mind guides

相信它是会对你有效的方式，它可以在这里或那里稍微改变一下。trust how it will work for you, it can be altered slightly here and there

我们给你们的是对你们大多数人都适用的总体平均水平。we're giving you the general average that works for most of you

所以用它玩得开心。so have fun with this

你会在你的生活中发现一些深远的影响。you will find some profound effects happening in your life

其中一个影响可能是极大的增加和扩展了同步性的组织工作原理。again one of which may be an extreme increase and expansion of the organizing principle of synchronicity

给你带来你当时正需要的东西。bringing you exactly what you need exactly when you need it

所以生日快乐！。so happy birthday

我们感谢你们允许我们在这一天给予你们这份礼物。we thank you for allowing us to give you this gift this day of your time

现在我们想继续与你们分享，以感谢你们给我们的礼物。and we would like to continue sharing with you now for the gift that you are giving us

让我们体验到你们每一个人。in allowing us to experience each and every one of you

请开始你们想要的提问和对话吧。please begin with your questions and dialogues if you wish