s巴夏：我怕画画写作赚不到钱，还感到内疚怎么办？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-04-03

Q:你好，巴夏！    hello Bashar

B：你也好，日安！    and to you good day

  大家注意听    everyone pay attention

  因为在每一次的对话中总会有某些东西， 可以在某种形式上帮到你或帮助你认识的人    for there will always be something in every conversation that will help you in some way shape or form or help someone you know

  同样注意 今晚你们共同创造的同步性和业力的校准    again pay attention to the synchronicities and the karmic alignment that you have created together this night of your time

Q：你好，巴夏！    greetings Bashar

B：你也好，日安！    to you good day

Q：在过去的两个月里，我感到我的身体有点失调    I have felt some misalignment in my physical body for the last two months

B：多么令人兴奋啊！    how exciting

Q：是啊    yes

  我感受到了慢性疼痛    I have felt chronic pain

B：好吧    oh all right

Q：然后我每天都在吃止痛药    and I have been taking painkillers every day

  我的身体可能对此上瘾了    and my body could addicted to them

B：好吧    oh alright

  所以在你的生活中你在试图填补什么空洞呢？    so what hole are you attempting to fill in your life

  你能回答吗？    can you answer that

  你在试图填补某个空虚吗？    is there an emptiness you are attempting to fill

  某件你想要做但却没做的事    something that you would like to be doing you are not

  某条你想要行走的道路？    some path you would like to be taking

  某个你想要实现的梦想但你却在抗拒？    some dream you would like to fulfill that you are resisting

  于是创造了一个一定要被填补的空虚    and thus then creating an emptiness that must be filled

Q：是的    yes

B：是啥子？    what

Q：额。。。

  我脑袋里一直在挣扎放下我必须得去工作的想法    in my mind I'm struggling with the idea of letting go of the idea that i have to work

  而我的梦想是打算画画和写作    and my dream would be to paint and to write

B：这不是工作吗？    is that not work

Q：我没有赚钱    I'm not making money

B：画画和写作不是工作的一种吗？    is painting and writing not a type of work

Q：我认为当我获得钱的时候才是工作    I consider work when I gain money

B：所以你是说画画不是工作，写作不是工作    so you are saying that painting is not work and writing is not work

  所以因此你没有定义它为工作，你是说它不能带给你钱    so therefore if you're not defining it as work you're saying it can't bring you money

  是吗？    yes

Q：对的    correct

B:好吧，那为什么你要这样定义它呢？    well why are you defining it that way

它还是需要某些详细的行动，要由你采取某种身体行动，不是吗？    it still requires some particular action some physical action on your part doesn't it

Q:是的    yes

B:这不最简单的工作的定义吗？    isn't that the simplest definition of work

Q:是啊    yes

B:我们知道在你们星球上有句话叫： 做自己喜欢的工作就一点也不像是在打工    we understand that as you say on your planet a labor of love is no labor at all

  它感觉不像是工作    it doesn't feel like work

  它感觉不像是一件费力的事    it doesn't feel like an effort

  但它仍然需要使用力气    but it still requires the idea of the use of energy

  根据你们科学的定义，这仍然是一个需要被完成的工作的定义    and by your scientific definition that is still a definition of work being done

  所以为什么你说画画和写作不是一种能吸引财富给你的工作呢？    so why are you saying that painting and writing are not the type of work that can attract abundance to you

  为什么你要作出那种关系的定义呢？    why are you making that definition connection

Q:额  -  额

  好吧

B:在她思考的时候，你们大家要不要来点业力薯片？    would you all like some karma chips while she's thinking

  业力薯片和果酱？    karma chips and dip

Q:好吧，改变我的定义    so chance my definition

B:你能使用你的想象力来理解一下    can you use your imagination to understand

  在你们星球上有人从事画画和写作并且还过着你们叫做土豪的生活    that there are people on your planet who do write and paint and make what you call a handsome living

Q:是哦    yes

B:你知道他们存在的，对吧，这对你不是个秘密吧，不是吗？    you know that they exist yes that's not a secret to you is it

Q:不是    no

B:那就好咯    oh alright

  那为什么他们是，而你不是呢？    so why them and not you

  你和他们有什么很大的区别呢？你不能做他们所做的吗？    what's so different about you that you can't do what they do

Q:我感到内疚    I feel guilt

B:对什么有内疚？    guilt about what

Q:对做我所喜爱做的事    about doing what I love doing

B:为啥？    why

Q:因为我从小被教育我必须去工作赚钱    because I've been trained as a child that I must work to make money and

B:但那就是工作啊    but that is work

  你没有注意听    you're not paying attention

  画画和写作也是工作    painting and writing is work

  你是说世界上所有的画家和所有的作家不是在工作吗？    are you saying that all the painters in the world and all the writers in the world aren't working

  我想他们不敢苟同    I think they would beg to differ

  对吧  -  Q:是啊    yes yes

B:那就好    well

  所以为什么他们是，而你不是呢？    so why them why not you

Q:行    yes

B:我可以问你一个问题吗？    may I ask you a question

Q:恩    en

B:你想要变得傲慢吗？    do you wish to be arrogant

Q:不想    no

B:  那么为什么你在傲慢呢？    well then why are you being arrogant

  在世界所有人当中    out of all the people in the world

  这只有对我不会奏效    only I will this not work for

  我好特别，虽然所有那些人都可以以画画和写作谋生    I am so special that while all these people can make a living writing and painting

  但我不行    I can't

  我肯定有比他们不一样的某些突出的地方，让我如此特别    I must stand out as something different that makes me special

  这让你傲慢了    makes you arrogant

  你看到这里的矛盾之处了吗？    you see the contradiction here

Q:  是的    yes

B:  如果它对他们有效，也可以对你有效，如果你愿意的话    if it works for them it can work for you if you wish it to

  如果你允许的话    if you allow it to

  你只需要放掉所有那些你紧紧抓住不放的， 不允许你去体验它如何能行的定义    you just need to drop all the definitions you're holding on to that don't allow you to experience how it can

  因为明显地， 如果你在你的现实中看到其他人在做你喜欢做的事的例子， 而且对他们运转顺利    because obviously if you see examples in your reality of other people doing what it is you say you prefer to do and it's working fine for them

  这肯定至少给了你一个提示，它也可以对你有效，对吗？    that must at least give you a hint that it can work for you yes

Q:  是的    yes

B:  并且对你不会起作用的唯一原因就是因为你用自己的定义阻碍着它， 你在遏制你的喜悦    and that the only reason it wouldn't be is because you are standing in the way with your own definition and you're holding your joy at bay

  记住正如我们以前说过的    remember as we were talking about

  你一直在放射出一种核心振动    you're always giving off a core vibration

  这个核心振动是喜悦、爱和创造力的本质    that core vibration is the essence of joy and love and creativity

  你一直永远一定是    and the ideas that you are always always without fail

  你一直在吸引代表了在那个喜悦和创造力中支持着你的事物    you are always attracting the things that are representative of supporting you in that joy and in that creativity

  你一直在吸引着它们    you're always attracting them

  你不必去学习如何去吸引或者显化那些东西    you don't have to learn how to attract or manifest those things

  但你必须理解的是如果你没有体验到那些东西    but you have to understand that if you're not experiencing those things

  如果它们看起来好像没有来到你身上    if they don't seem to be coming to you

  这不是因为你没有吸引它们    it's not because you're not attracting them

  这是因为你在借用你的定义让它们远离自己    it's because you're holding them away with your definitions

  所以如果你丢掉这些定义，那么那些东西会全部涌入进来    so if you just drop those definitions that will all come flooding in

  因为你没有必要做任何特别的事来让它到达你身上    because you don't have to do anything special to make it come to you

  你只需要允许它来到你身上    you just have to allow it to come to you

  通过走出以你自己的方式定义它对你不起作用    by getting out of your own way with definitions that don't work for you

  懂了吗？    make sense

Q:  恩    yes

B:  这有帮助到你让你感到有点轻松了吗？    is this helping you feel a little bit lighter

Q:  恩，是的    um yes

  巴夏  -  B:恩    bashar yes

Q:  如果我不带有内疚感做我喜爱做的事情     if if if I do what I love doing without guilt

B:  恩    yes

  好，让我在这打断你一下    well let me stop you right there

  请注意听你在此设立的自相矛盾的定义    please listen and pay attention to the contradictory definitions you're setting up right there

  因为事实上你怎么可能做某些你喜欢做的事， 如果你真的对此感到内疚    because how can you actually do something you love to do if you actually feel guilty

  如果你感到内疚，你就不是在做你喜欢做的事    if you're feeling guilt you're not doing something you love to do

  如果你在做你喜欢做的事，你就不会感到内疚    if you're doing something you love to do you feel no guilt

  所以根据定义，如果真的在做你喜欢做的事    so by definition if you're truly doing what you love to do

  内疚不是那个喜爱定义的组成部分    guilt isn't a component of that definition

  但如果你真正在经验内疚    and if you're truly experiencing guilt

  根据定义，你没有在做你喜欢做的事    you are not by definition doing what you love to do

  因为内疚的定义不是在你喜悦、爱和兴奋的整体定义内    because guilt is not a definition in your overall definition of joy and love and excitement

  你懂了吗？    you understand

Q:  是，内疚来自于没有做某事    yes the guilt will come from not working with something

B:  不是的，内疚不是来自于没有做什么    no guilt does not come from not working

  内疚来自于你对你与情境关系的定义    guilt comes from your definition of your relationship to the situation

  没有情况是内置意义的    no situation has built-in meaning

  没有境遇是内置抗争或者内置内疚的    and no circumstance has built in struggle or built-in guilt

  只有你对你与情境关系的定义创造了那种体验    only your definition of your relation to the situation creates that experience

  你明白吗？  - Q: 是的    you understand yes

B:  所以为什么你选择去相信或者接受做你喜欢的事会带来内疚感    so why are you choosing to believe or buy into the idea that to do what you love brings guilt up

  就好像你在做错事一样    like you're doing something wrong

  当做你喜欢做的事的时候根据定义这是对你完全正确的    when doing what you love is exactly right for you by definition

  因为这是你所爱的    because it's what you love

  因此它是你真实的核心振动    and therefore it is your true core vibration

  因而由于它是你真实的核心振动    and therefore as your true core vibration

  那正是你应该去做的事    that's exactly what you ought to do

  所以为什么做正是你应该去做的事，你却感到内疚？    so why would you be guilty doing exactly what you ought to do

Q:  因为有来自于我周围每个人的压力    because of the pressure of all the people around me that want

B:  然而你没有理解我们所说的    but you don't understand what we are saying

  压力不是来自于他们    the pressure isn't coming from them

  它是来自于你认同了他们，而且是你给自己压力不去做你自己    it's coming from you agreeing with them and pressuring yourself to not be who you are

  你感受到的压力不是来自于他们    the pressure you feel doesn't come from them

  他们也许给你一个机会去和他们的信念系统一致感受到压力， 并这样说：“你应该感到愧疚”    they may offer you an opportunity to feel pressure with their belief systems by saying you should feel guilty

  但实际上唯一你会感到内疚的方式就是你认同了他们你应该如此    but the only way you will actually feel guilty is if you agree with them that you should

  当你认同了他们你应该如此    and when you agree with them that you should

  那么你就会感受到愧疚的压力，你会感到有压力    then you'll feel the pressure of the guilt you'll feel the pressure

  但是如果你说：    but if you say

  你脑子有病吗？    are you nuts

  你不知道我是谁    you don't know who I am

  你说的不是我    you're not talking about me

  喔，我知道了，我现在能有慈悲心了    oh I see I can have the compassion now

  而且能够睁大眼睛足以理解    and the eyes can be opened wide enough to understand

  当你说到感到内疚    that when you're talking about feeling guilt

  我应该感到这个，我应该感到那个，我应该感到这个压力    that I should feel this and I should feel that and I should feel this pressure

  其实你在做的是摇晃着你的手指指着你自己    what you're actually doing is wagging your finger at yourself

  说：你是那个感受到这些的人    saying you are the one that feels this

  你怨恨我不愿意这样做    and you resent the ideas that I don't prefer to

  因为如果我不愿意去感到内疚    because if I don't prefer to feel guilt

  那么我就是一直在那提醒着你这个事实： 是你选择去感到内疚    I am always then a reminder of the fact that you are choosing to feel it

  你不知道如何改变这些    and you don't know how to change that

  因此你在怨恨我的做法    and therefore you resent that I do

  但是如何你不怨恨我的做法    but if you don't resent that I do

  而且让你自己去允许它对我没问题，成为我愿意成为的人    and allow yourself to let it be alright for me to be who I wish to be

  那么我会成为你的一个榜样    then I will be an example for you

  通过看到我的例子，你也可以选择不去感到内疚    and you can choose to not feel guilty too by seeing my example

  于是我就是在帮助你    and then I'm helping you

  但如果你认同他们说你应该去感到内疚和压力    but if you agree to feel the guilt and the pressure that they say you should

  你不仅没有帮助到你自己    you're not only not helping yourself

  你也没有帮助到他们    you're not helping them

  因为你所做的一切只是在强化他们已经对自己所做的事情    because all you're doing is reinforcing the thing that they're already doing to themselves

  就是把压力和愧疚加在他们自己身上    which is putting pressure and guilt upon themselves

  乃至他们想要和每个人分享这些    and therefore trying to share that with everyone

  因为就像你们说的“同病相怜”， 不快乐的人总喜欢和那些有着相同消极想法的人在一起    because as you say misery loves company

  所以为什么要听他们的话来强化他们的负面性呢？    so why reinforce the negative in them by agreeing with them

  同意去体验你知道的你不喜欢的能量    and agreeing to experience energy you know you don't prefer

  为什么要在他们的伤口上撒盐？    why reinforce their pain

  为什么要同意继续成为一个他们已知的挣扎的例子和反映 来强化他们内心的挣扎？    why reinforce their struggle by continuing to agree to be an example and a reflection of the struggle they already know

  而不是成为一个提供给他们的不同选项的突出的例子    instead of being a shining example of a different option for them

  给他们一个机会在你身上看到    and give them an opportunity to see in you

  “好吧，你知道吗？”    well you know

  “她毕竟做得很好哟！”    she's doing pretty good after all

  “之前我不相信这是可能的”    I didn't believe that was possible

  “但看看她，她像百灵鸟一样快乐地在画画和写作”    but look at her she's happy as a lark painting and writing

  “啊，看看那儿，钱也进来了”    well and look at that the money is coming in

  “富足也进来了”    the abundance is coming in

  “她的人生正在起航”    she's just sailing through life now

  “我想也许我也可以这样哟，啊，宝宝不知道，宝宝好怕哦！”    I wonder maybe I could do that well I don't know I'm too afraid

  “啊，我不知道，也许我可以和她谈谈人生”    well I don't know maybe I could talk with her

  “也许她可以和我分享分享她是如何能够放下那些的”    maybe she could share with me some ideas of how she was able to let go of that

  你永远不知道会发生什么    you never know

  你明白了吗？  -Q:  恩    you understand yes

B:  这就是你如何帮助他人，通过成为一个不同选择的例子    that's how you help others by being the example of a different option

  而不是仅仅强化他们给你的负面的想法    instead of simply reinforcing the negative idea that they are offering to you

  你懂了吗？    you understand

Q:  是啊    yes

B:  这有帮到你吗？    is it helping you

Q:  是的，谢谢！因为我从未想过 我物质世界的游戏与不允许我自己去做最令我兴奋的事有关    yes thank you because I had never imagined that my physical game have to do with not allowing myself to do that I am most exciting

B:  好了，现在你可以想象了    well now you can imagine it

  因为事实上，所有的痛苦是抗拒成为本性自我的结果    because really all pain is the result of resistance to the natural self

  你明白吗？  -Q:  恩    you understand yes

B:  好的，这对你有帮助吗？    all right does it help you

Q:  是的    yes

B:  那么去快乐地画画吧，开心地写作吧，愿你幸福富足！    then happy painting happy writing happy abundance to you

Q:  非常感谢你，巴夏！  - B: 谢谢！    thank you so much bashar thank you

B:  画一副新的图画    paint a new picture

  写一个新的故事    write a new story

  通过改变你的定义    by changing your definitions

  然后你会活在那个故事之中    and you will live that story

  你会活在那个画面之中    you will live in that picture

  那副图画将会成真    the picture will become real

  那个故事将会成为你自己的故事    the story will become yours