s巴夏：童年与自我意识、嫉妒、孤独、声音舞蹈
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-06-17 

Q：  Can you speak about children？ The childrenchoosing to come into hard situations and growing up， and believing ina lot of what you say， and alsoexperiencing a lot of pain。

问：你能谈谈孩子吗？孩子们选择进入困难的环境中成长，相信了很多负面的信念，也经历了很多痛苦。

 

B：  All right。 First of all， do recognize that many of the children now beingborn upon your planet will not forget as much as you have forgotten。 And in this way， many of these children may actually remind you as to what these connections are –many of these connections being connections that have come up through many pastlives。 Many of the hardsituations that many of these children may experience may simply be remnantsituations that they needed to deal with， in therelationships that were formed in past life situations。

B：好吧。首先，要认识到，许多现在出生在你们星球上的孩子不会像你那样遗忘那么多了。这样很多这些孩子实际上可以提醒你那些是什么关系——很多这些关联的关系是经由许多前世所产生的连接。这些孩子中许多人可能要经历的很多艰难的处境可能只是他们需要处理的残留的情境，在前世的处境中所形成的关系中残留的情境。

 

Ormaybe they have chosen to be born into difficult situations， family situations， in order to allow theadults in that situation to learn from the child the things that the adultsneed to learn。 There can be as manyreasons for a child choosing a difficult situation to be born into and grow upin as there are children。

或者也许他们选择了出生在困难的环境下，家庭状况下，为了让成年人在这种情境下从孩子那学习一些成年人需要学习的东西。对于一个孩子来说，选择出生和成长在一个困难的环境中，是有很多原因的，因为有很多孩子。

 

Butmore and more you will find that the children that are now being born into yoursociety will be totally， not only of adifferent generation， but totally of adifferent culture altogether。 They will havebeen， in a sense， forlack of a better term， processed， now， mainly throughthe auspices of the energy vibrations of Arcturus and Sirius， and also many ofthem will be returning Pleiadians who chose to be born on your planet to assistin the transformation at this time。

但是你会越来越多地发现，现在出生在你们社会中的孩子将会是，不仅是完全不同的一代，而且也是完全不同的文化。他们都会是，在某种程度上，因为没有更好的词，“处理”，主要是经过大角星和天狼星的能量振动的庇护下，他们中的许多昴宿星人也会回归，选择出生在你们的星球上来在这个时期协助这场转变。

 

Manyof them will be beings of light and express it very early on。 And again， as we have said， many of themwill remind the adults – who have chosen to forget who they are – who they are。 But anydifficult situations will simply be the remnant processes that the individualhas chosen to be born into， that they feelthey believe they need in their lives， to learn whatthey need to learn。 And in this way， you will findthat more and more of these children， now that theyare being born into a new culture， a new beliefsystem， a new generation， will no longerneed to choose family situations that bring inherent difficulty with them。 Do you follow me？

他们中的许多人将会是光的存在，并在很早的时候就表达出来了。正如我们所说的，他们中很多人会提醒那些选择忘记自己是谁的成年人。但是，任何困难的情况都将只是个体所选择出生于此的残余的进程，他们认为、他们相信、他们需要在他们的生命中，从残余的进程中学习他们需要学习的东西。通过这种方式，你会发现越来越多的孩子，现在他们已经出生在一种新的文化当中了，一个新的信仰体系当中了，出生在新一代人当中了，不再需要选择给他们带来先天困难的家庭环境了。你明白吗？

 

Q：  Yes。

问：恩

 

B：  For the end of the reincarnational cycle is athand， and you willfind therefore that all of the contracts， all of theagreements and all of the arrangements are now finalizing themselves withinthis transformational life， or within thenext one or two following。 

B：由于转世周期的结束即将到来，因此你会发现所有的契约，所有的协议和所有的约定现在都在这场变革型的人生中确定下来了，或者在接下来的一两世之内。

 

Thenyou will find that many individuals upon your planet will simply live longerlives， not needing tohave experiences shuffled off or segregated into many separate lives； andthat many individuals living now will actually still physically be alive inthree hundred of your years。 And that inapproximately， what you calltwo to three thousand of your years， your societywill have completely finalized anything that it needed to learn within thephysical reincarnational cycle of planet Earth， and will nolonger be physical。 Allowingthemselves to make way for the next group of consciousnesses who may be willingto use the Earth vibration for their own understanding， and their owntutoring of the ideas they need to experience。

然后你会发现，你们星球上的很多人会活得更久，不需要经历离开尘世或被分隔成很多不同的人生，而现在活着的许多人实际上还能肉体存活活到三百岁。而且大概在你们所说的两到三千年后，你们的社会将会彻底完结任何需要在这场地球的物质转世轮回中学习的东西，而且将不再是物质的了。容许他们自己为下一个意识团体让路，他们也许愿意利用地球的振动来获得他们自己的认知，以及他们需要自己去体验的教导。

 

Q：  And how would you suggest that adults whohave endured these difficult childhoods – for whatever reason they are increation with that – function now， in particular intheir male/female relationships， and how that isbeing worked out on the planet？

问：你会如何建议那些忍受过不幸童年的成年人——无论出于什么原因，他们现在都在创造中发挥着作用，特别是在他们的男女关系中，我们星球上的这个问题应该如何解决呢？

 

B：  All right。 First of all， I would suggest thatyou begin to recognize that you chose what you went through for your ownreasons。 So get in touch withhow it served you， in a positive way。 Many individuals willchoose to be born into lives of what they call diametrically opposed beliefsystems within their parents so that they have something to push against， to absolutely ensurethat they will be brought up with a polarity belief system that will be more indicativeof what is needed in this transformational age。 Do you follow me？

B：好的。首先，我建议你开始认识到出于你自身的原因你选择了你经历的体验。所以，为了让它可以与“以积极的方式为你服务”关联上。许多人会选择出生生活在有着完全相反的信念系统的父母中，这样他们有推进的目标，来绝对确保他们将在一个截然对立的信念系统的环境下教育长大，这也更表明这些是在这个转变时期所需要的转变。你明白吗？

 

Q：  Sure。

问，当然

 

B：  So in that way， first of all， recognize thatyou knew what you were doing when you chose the family situation you were borninto， and you stillknow what you are doing。 Anothersuggestion would be to recognize that if you are now at the point where you realize that you made that choice， then as soon asyou realize that it was a choice， you are out ofthe cycle， you are nolonger attached to it， and then theidea of that past will no longer be connected to the present。 The past doesnot control the present； the past doesnot rule the present。 You are， at any givenmoment， whatever definitionyou prefer to be。 As long as youcontinue to believe that what you were in the past must control what you arenow， you willcontinue to create a life in which you think you are controlled by that past。 

B：所以从这个角度，首先，要认识到当你选择你出生的家庭环境时，你知道自己在做什么，现在你仍然还知道你在做什么。另一个建议是认识到，如果你现在这个时候意识到你做出了那样的选择，一旦你意识到这是一个选择，那么你就跳出那个轮回了，你就不再依附于它，然后，过去就不再连接到现在了。过去没有控制现在，过去没有支配现在。在任何时刻，不管你喜欢什么定义。只要你继续相信过去的你一定控制着现在的你，你就会继续创造你认为自己被过去所控制的生活。

 

Butas soon as you recognize that you are aware， consciously， as a physicalbeing， of knowing thatyou made the choices you made to get you where you are – and you simply can be what you want to be now – then youcan simply act like what you want to be， now。 And that whatyou want to be now has nothing to do with what you used to be。。

但是一旦你认识到，你是觉知地，有意识地，作为一个物质存有，知道是你自己做出了这个选择来让你到达你现在的处境，你可以简单地做你现在想要成为的人，然后你可以率直地像你要成为的人那样去行事。而且你现在想要成为的人与你过去的自己毫无关系。

 

Q：  Right。 And could youaddress jealousy as a human emotion and how it serves us？ And male/female。。。

问：对的。你能论述下嫉妒吗？作为一种人类的情感，它是如何服务于我们的？还有男/女……

 

 

B：  Jealousy is an invalidation， an invalidationof yourself。 Jealousy， in this way， as it isexpressed upon your planet， is when anindividual sees something in someone else and believes： “I don’t havethat and I want that。” But recognize， if you have theability to see something in someone else， you must containit， because you canonly perceive what you contain。 So jealousy onlyresults from the belief that what you see in others you don’t have。

B：嫉妒是一种否定，否定你自己。嫉妒，在你们的星球上是这样表达的：当一个人在别人身上看到某种东西时，他相信：“我没有那个，我想要那个。”但是要认识到，如果你有能力在别人身上看到一些东西，你一定也是包含它的，因为你只能感知到你所包含的东西。所以嫉妒只是“你相信在别人身上看到的东西是你没有的”的结果。

 

Whenyou recognize that what you see in others that you desire to be real for you， you do have， and that your veryability to have seen it in someone else is an indication that youhave the ability to be that way yourself， there will be noneed for jealousy。 For you willable to then say： “I perceivesomething I have desired to be in that individual， and oh， happy day， now that I knowthat I can see it in that individual， that means Ihave the ability to manifest it just as easily。” (AUD： laughter) Do youfollow me？

当你认识到，你在别人身上所看到的东西，你希望对你来说也是真的，你也可以拥有，“你能在别人身上看到了它”的这个特别的能力说明你有能力成为那样的自己，所以没有必要嫉妒。因为你会说：“我在那个人身上看到了我想要的东西，哦，快乐的一天，现在我知道了我能在那个人身上看到它，这意味着我有能力显化它，同样容易地。”你明白了吗？

 

 

Q：  Yes。

问：恩

 

B：  There is no need for jealousy when youvalidate yourself and love yourself unconditionally， and love allbeings unconditionally， and recognizethat you are a complete being。 You are notincomplete。 You may believeyou are incomplete， you may believeyou see something in someone else that you don’t have； but that’s onlya perspective， only a point ofview。 It is youropportunity to recognize that when you see something in someone else that youdesire to be， you canrecognize that you have the potential to be that idea。 Now， when you seesomething in someone else you do notdesire to be， it still meansyou contain just as equal a potential to be that idea， but you don’thave to， if you don’tprefer it。

B：当你认可你自己，当你无条件地爱自己，无条件地爱所有人，而且认识到你是一个完整的人时，你就没有必要嫉妒了。你不是不完整的。你可能认为你是不完整的，你可能认为你在别人身上看到了一些你没有的东西；但这只是一个视角，只是一个观点。你有机会认识到，当你在别人身上看到你渴望的东西时，你就能意识到你有潜力成为那样的人。同样，当你在别人身上看到一些你不想要的东西时，它仍然意味着你包含同等的潜力去成为那个你不想的人，所以如果你不喜欢的话，你就没有必要这么做。

 

Simplyrecognize that everyone is a reflection。 You are onlylooking at mirrors when you look at other people。 So what you see。。。 if you seesomething you do not prefer， simply recognizethat the potential exists within you， because everyonecontains every probable reality and method of expression， but if you dosee something in someone you do prefer to be， then take it forgranted that you also contain thatalso – you contain that。

简单地认识到每个人都是一种反射。当你看着别人的时候，你只不过是在看着镜子。所以你看到的是…如果你看到你不喜欢的东西，仅仅认识到那可能性存在于你之内，因为每个人都含有每一种可能性的现实和表达方式，但是如果你在别人身上看到你所不喜欢的东西，那么这也是理所当然的，你也包含着你所不喜欢的。

 

Q：  And with that dependency， or sense of need。。。

问：有那种依赖性，或有种需要的感觉……

 

B：  It is not a dependency， it is not a need； it is a sense ofself-awareness。 If you areseeing a reflection of yourself in everyone， then you knowyou are complete。 You are notdependent on anyone to complete you。 You are complete。 And when youbegin to function as a complete individual， then you attractinto your life individuals with whom you can share your completeness。 But that doesnot manifest as a dependency。 Do you follow me？

B：这不是依赖关系，也不是需要，而是一种自我意识的感受。如果你在每个人身上看到你自己的影子，那么你就知道你是圆满的了。你不依赖于任何人来圆满你。你是完整的。当你开始作为一个完整的人时，那么你就会吸引你可以与之分享你的圆满的人到你的生活中。但这并不表示是依赖关系。你明白吗？

 

Q：  Yes。 So loneliness isan incompleteness。。。 it’s not evenreal。。。

问：是的。所以孤独是一种不完整（不圆满）……它甚至不是真正的…

 

B：  Yes。

B：是的。

 

Q：  But if such things are so unreal， what are thepurposes for why they are felt？ People arefeeling them a lot in these last days as we walk through this doorway。。。

问：但如果那样事情是如此不真实的，为什么他们有这感觉目的是什么呢？当我们走过这道门的时候，人们在这些日子里感受到了很多。

 

B：  Yes。

B：恩

 

Q：  。。。 like loneliness。。。

问：……比如孤独…

 

B：  Yes， but one moment。。。 one moment， understand thatwhen you feel something， that is not thefirst thing that occurs。 Any feeling youever create in your life only happens as a reaction to something you alreadybelieve to be true。 Feelings aresecondary to beliefs， they do not comefirst。 It is not simply： “Well this issimply the way I feel when thissituation occurs。” No。 As we have said， no situation hasbuilt in meaning。 You bring intoevery neutral situation a beliefabout what that situation means。 And if you bringinto that situation a belief that that set of circumstances means that you are going to be lonely， then of courseyou’re going to feel lonely。

B：是的，等一下……等一下，要明白，当你有感觉的时候，那不是第一件发生的事情。你人生中所创造的任何感觉只是作为一种对你信以为真的事情的反应发生。感受是由信念引发的，感受不是第一个出现的。这并不是像这样简单的：“这只是在这种情况发生时我的感觉。”其实不是这样的。就像我们说的，没有情境是内置意义的。你给每一种中立的情境都带进了一个关于“这个情境意味着什么”的信念。如果你把一种你设定“这个境遇意味着你将是孤独的”的信念带入到这个情境中，那么当然你会感到孤独。

 

But if you understand that your loneliness onlystems from the fact that you believe that the situation you are involved withis inherently “loneliness creating，” then you willnot have to feel loneliness – by recognizing that you do not have to believe that the situation has to bemanifested in that way。 Do you follow me？

但是如果你明白，你的孤独不过是源于这样一个事实：你相信你参与的情境本质上是“创造的孤独”，那么你将不必感到孤独，——通过意识到你不必相信一定要以孤独的方式去表现这个情境。你明白吗？

 

Q：  Yes。

问：是的。

 

B：  When youunderstand that you are always –at the same time – alone and connected to everything， then it is up toyou to choose which way you believe you will function。 So if you feellonely， then that simplyis an opportunity and an indication to you to realize that you believe inloneliness， and that you arenot connected to the Infinite Creation； your choice； up to you。

B：当你明白你一直都是- - -与此同时- - - 是孤单的而且也是连接着万物的，那么这取决于你，由你选择相信哪条道路会起作用。因此，如果你感到孤独，这只是一个机会和迹象来让你意识到你相信孤独，而且你也没有连接到无限的造物；这是你的选择，由你来决定。

 

Now， if you choose tofeel lonely because you chose to believe in loneliness， then accept thatyou chose to believe that way， and as soon asyou accept that it was your choice to believe that way， then you willunderstand that you have the ability to choose to feel and believe another way。

如果你选择感到孤独，因为你选择了相信孤独，那么接受你选择那样相信的方式，只要你接受这是你的选择那样相信，你就会明白，你有能力选择另一种感受和相信方式。

 

Do not deny it， do not run fromit， do not attemptto get rid of that idea。 There is nowhereto get rid of anything to。 You are your ownuniverse。 Acknowledge thatyou obviously chose to believe in loneliness if you feel lonely。 Ask yourself： “ Well， how does itserve me to feel lonely？ How does itserve me to believe in loneliness？” You will get ananswer if you listen to yourself。 Even if theanswer is only that you chose to believe in loneliness， so that youcould learn that you don’t prefer to believe in loneliness。

不要否认它，不要逃避它，不要试图摆脱它。无处可以逃避。你是你自己的宇宙。承认吧如果你感到孤独，明显是你选择相信孤独。问问你自己：“嗯，感觉孤独对我有什么用？相信孤独对我有什么用？”如果你聆听自己的内心，你会得到答案的。即使答案只是你选择相信孤独，这样你就能知道你不喜欢相信孤独。

 

Q：  I see。 (Laughing)

问：我明白了

 

B：  Because it makes you feel lonely， and you don’tlike it! So now that you have recognized why you chose to believe in loneliness， and now thatyou’ve had the experience， and you nolonger need to have the experience， then chooseanother belief and you will get another feeling to go hand in hand。 All right？

B：因为它让你感到孤独，而你也不喜欢它!所以现在你已经认识到为什么你选择相信孤独，而现在你已经有了这个经验，而且你也不再需要体验它了，那么就选择另一种信念吧，你就会获得另一种伴随而来的感受。好吗？

 

Q：  All right。 And， last question： how can soundand dance best serve this planet at this time？

问：好吧。最后一个问题：在这个时期，声音和舞蹈如何能更好地服务于这个星球？

 

B：  By moving to whatever moves you。 By allowingyourself to recognize that everything is vibration， and that whenyou discover for yourself what is the movement， what is the core， what is thevibration that hits home with you， then you will beRADIATING that tone。 You will beMOVING that dance for all to see。 You will beBEING the fullest facet of the multidimensional crystal you can be。

B：通过舞动你的任何动作。通过让你自己认识到一切都是振动，而且当你亲自发现是哪些动作，是什么精髓，是什么振动触动了你，然后你就会辐射出那个音调。你就会跳舞给大家看。你将可以成为多维晶体中最美满的一面。

 

Andby simply moving to what you know is true for you， you give othersthe best opportunity to see in you that you are following your path， that you areliving your dance， that you areplaying your tune。 Which lets themknow that they can do the same。 Do you follow me？

通过简单地跟随你知道对你而言是真实的感受而舞动，你就是给别人最好的机会来在你身上看到你在追随你的道路，你活出了你的舞蹈，你在演奏你的曲子。这让他们知道他们也能做同样的事。你明白吗？

 

Q：  Yes。

问：是的。

 

B：  There may be vibrational tones that cangenerally assist many individuals in your society as well。 You can explore withsome of those generalized tones， and recognize thatwhen you find the tone that moves you， what you are doing isyou are finding your signature vibration。 When you thenrecreate your signature vibration， your entire bodychemistry and cellular structure and neural pathways will begin to vibrateaccording to that tone。

B：可能有些振动的音调，一般能帮助你们社会中的许多人。你可以用一些普遍的音调来探索，并且认识到当你找到打动你的音调时，你所做的是你找到了你的振动特征。然后当你再现你的振动特征时，你的整个身体的化学成分和细胞结构和神经通路会按照那个音调开始振动。

 

Whenyou impose upon – not in a negative way – identify with， allow your bodyto identify with the tone that moves you， the signaturevibration， then you allowyour body to go back to its zero rest idealized state。 And in thatstate there is no imbalance， and no disease。

当你强加于——不是以消极的方式——共鸣，让你的身体与那打动你的音调产生共鸣，这个振动特征，然后你就让你的身体回到它的零点安静的理想化状态。在那个状态中没有不平衡，也没有疾病。

 

Therefore， if you can assistanother individual in finding their idealized signature vibration， and get them torecreate it so they can immerse themselves in that vibration， their cellularstructure will begin to identify with that vibration。 And they will allowtheir body – not make， not force – allow their body to snap back to thezero rest state represented by that signature tone。 Then they will nothave disease at all。

因此，如果你能帮助别人找到他们的理想化的振动特征，并使他们重现它，这样他们就能沉浸在那个振动之中，他们的细胞结构将开始与那个振动产生共鸣。然后他们会允许他们的身体——不是强迫——允许他们的身体迅速恢复到以那个标志音调所代表的零点静息的状态。那么他们就不会有疾病了。（声音疗法的本质）

 

Understand， the only reasonyou have dis-ease or imbalance is because you hold yourself out of balance。 When you letyourself go， you will snapback to zero – the ideal blueprint， rest-statedefinition， of theconsciousness that you are； and in thatstate there is no imbalance， therefore， no disease。 So， a tonalvibration that represents a person’s signature core vibration can allow them tohave something to identify with， to allow them tosnap back to zero。 Do you follow me？

要明白，你有疾病（dis不-ease安逸）或者不平衡的唯一原因是你约束自己失去了平衡。当你放手自己的时候，你会重新回归为零——你意识的理想蓝图，安静状态的定义；在那个状态中，没有不平衡，因此，也没有疾病。所以，一种代表着一个人的核心振动特征的音调振动能够让他们可以与之产生共鸣，使他们能够恢复归零。你明白了吗？

 

Q：  Yes。

问：恩。

 

B：  That is the dance you can share， if you arewilling。 But first andforemost， be your owndance， be your own tone， and live fullythat which is true for you。 Or anyone elseyou would like to assist will not believe that you can assist them， if they don’tsee you as a living example。 You follow me？

B：如果你愿意，这就是你可以分享的舞蹈。但首先也是最重要的是，跳你自己的舞蹈，成为你自己的音调，并且淋漓尽致地活出真实的你。不然任何你想要帮助的人都不会相信你能够帮助到他们，如果他们没有在你身上看到一个活生生的例子。你明白吗？

 

Q：  Yes。

问：是的。

 

B：  Thank you very much!

B：非常感谢!

 

Q：  Thank you。

问：谢谢你。