s巴夏：害怕丰盛与富足
Jade C 无限宇宙之爱 2017-06-19

巴夏：害怕丰盛与富足/Fearing Abundance 


翻译：Jade C 


（注：Q=提问人、B=巴夏）



Q: I think I'm afraid of the degree of abundance that I'm experiencing. 
Q:我想我对目前体验的丰盛程度感到有些害怕



B: For what reason? You don't think you can handle it? Do you think it's something you might lose? 
B:理由是什么？你会不知拿它如何是好？觉得可能失去它？



Q: Something that perhaps... 
Q:那可能...



B: One moment. Are you afraid you might have to become in the eyes of other people or even yourself, suddenly "more responsible" than you want to be? 
B:稍等一下。你害怕这可能对其他人或什至对你来说，自己突然必须付起比自己想要的更多的责任吗？



Q: Responsible in a different way. Not to people, responsible to a covenant. 
Q:对不同的方面负责，不是对人负责任，而是一份契约。



B: So, you don't think you can "carry the torch." 
B:所以，你不认为你有办法这样手持圣火(奋战)下去吗？



Q: No... I guess not. 
Q:不…我想不太行



B: So. Do you believe that it is possible? 
B:那，你认为有这个可能性吗？



Q: Yes. 
Q:对。



B: Is this what you are saying? That you believe it is possible you can actually be given something more than what you can handle? Something that could overwhelm you? Do you really believe that's possible for the Universe to do? 
B:你的意思是这样吗？你相信说，你被给予的会多到"超出"你能处理的范围吗？多到会压得你喘不过气？你真的相信宇宙会做出这样的事吗？



Q: Not when you say it that way. 
Q:你那样说就不是。



B: Now, it is certainly possible to create the feeling of being overwhelmed, but only by not trusting that you can handle what the Universe gives you -- as if that were possible. It really isn't possible you know. In a sense , you are a cup, you are a vessel. And yes, the Universe is filling you up with abundance. Now, what you're worried about is the idea that you might overflow and that you won't be able to handle the excess . Is this a rough analogy of what you are saying? 
B:现在，它确实可能引发出那种被淹没、喘不过气来的感觉，但是，只有在你不信任自己能够处理那些宇宙给予你的东西的时候--如果这有可能的话。你要知道这其实是不可能发生的。从某种层面看，你像是一个杯子、一只器皿，宇宙在你之内注满丰盛与富足，你现在所担心的，是你的丰盛会多到溢出来，而你怕自己无法处理那些满出来的部份。你的意思约略是这样吗？



Q: Yes. 
Q:是的。



B: All right. I understand your analogy, but also understand it this way, when the cup is full, the cup doesn't have to worry about what spills on the floor, because the cup only deals with what the cup has. Everything else "doesn't belong in the cup." Understand? 
B:好的，我明白你的想法，而我同时也理解，当杯子是满的时候，杯子其实不需要担心那些溢出来掉到地上的部份，因为杯子只需处理杯子拥有的东西，剩下的其它一切都"不属于杯子里"，理解吗？



Q: Yes, I do. 
Q:是的，了解。



B: Does that help you define your parameters a little better? 
B:这有稍微帮助到你解释这些因素吗？



Q: But the cup seems to get bigger and bigger. 
Q:但是这杯子似乎越来越大。



B: Oh yes, the cup can grow, but that's all right. Because again, there will always be the same relative scenario. The Universe is infinite; you are infinite, you are feeling your own infinity. You are feeling your own infinite capacity . Yes, you'll keep growing and will expand and expand and expand--forever. Yes. But, by definition, it will never be possible for at any given moment to be given more than you can handle. 
B:哦，是的，杯子会成长，但这没有关系，因为相似的情境会一再出现。宇宙是无限的、你也是无穷无尽的，你正在感知自己的无限、觉知自己的无限能力。是的，你会不断增长、将会扩展、再扩展、再扩展--一直到永远。没错。但依据定义，永远不可能会出现那种给你给得太多、多到出乎于你可以掌握的状况。



I'll tell you exactly why. Because if it were more than you can handle, you wouldn't keep expanding. So, in a sense, it is a fail-safe mechanism. If you really feel you can't handle it, you'll stop expanding, and then you won't have to handle any more. If you want to expand, then you will expand and be capable of handling more. You will always be capable of handling what it is you are handed. And if you feel you can't, you will stop expanding and you won't be given any more until you decide you are ready for more. You will always have that self-governing system. You will always have that choice. 
我来告诉你确切的原因，因为如果超出你的能力范围，你就不会再继续扩展，所以某种层面来说，这就会是一个失灵的安全机制。如果你真的觉得你不能处理了，你会停止扩展，那么你就不需要再去处理它。如果你想扩展了，那你就会扩展并且有能力处理更多。你将永远有能力掌握你在处理的东西。如果你觉得你不能，你就会暂停扩展，在你决定自己准备好了之前，你不会再被给予更多。你一直都会拥有这样的自治系统，选择权永远都会在你身上。



You were created and designed to be self-regulating. Remember that the Universe does not do pointless things. So if you feel that you're expanding and can handle no more, everything will stop at that level. The only thing that makes it feel that you may have to handle more than you're ready to is because you're worried that the Universe might not be hearing you say, "Enough, enough, enough, enough." But you are that Universe and you are self-regulating , you will hear yourself say, "All right, wait a minute, stop. All right, go on. All right, wait a minute, stop. All right, go on." You will do that forever. 
你被创建及设计成是自我调节的(由自己来调整的)。请记得宇宙不会做无意义的事。所以如果你觉得你正扩展到一个你无法再处理更多的时候，一切就会先暂停在这个阶段。唯一会让你有害怕的感觉说可能需要去处理自己掌控不了的情形，那是因为你担心当你说「好了！够了！够了！够了！」的时候，宇宙可能会听不到。但是你就是宇宙，而你是自我调节这样方式运作的，你一定会听到自己说的：「好，等一下，暂停。好了，继续吧。好，再等等，停。好，再继续。 」而且你永远都会这样做。



So relax into the mechanism as being self-governing and then you can simply, with ease and with grace, say, "All right, stop. All right, go on." That process is fine. You don't have to worry that by saying "Stop, stop, stop,” you are somehow defeating the idea of the torch you're supposed to carry. It's up to you. No one wants you to proceed faster than you are ready to proceed, because if you did you would be worthless, and who would want that? 
所以呢，放轻松把这个工作交给自我调节机制，然后你可以简单的，带着轻松、优雅的态度，说：「好，停下来了。」「好了，继续。」，这个方式很棒，你不必一边担心着要快喊「停、停、停」，你打败了"应该要手持圣火(努力奋战)下去"的概念。这完全取决于你，没有任何人会要你进行得比自己准备好的脚步更快，因为如果你这么做的话就一点价值都没有了，谁会想要这样啊？