巴夏：批判
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2018-04-08

Q：你好  hi~

B：你也日安！  and to you good day

Q：嗨，我叫特丽莎  hi I'm Teresa

B：如果你坚持的话  if you insist

Q：我...  I was

我是除了特丽莎之外的人  I am other than Teresa

B：那么你现在知道你是存在的  so now you know you exist

Q：我有个问题关于判断  I have a question about judgment

B：嗯，是贬义的吗？  yes, and in the negative sense?

因为要记住所有的事物都是中性的，直到你把意义加入其中  because remember everything is neutral until you put a meaning into it.

Q：是，贬义上的  yeah in the negative sense.

B：好吧  all right

Q：我觉得在实际的日常生活中  and I feel like on a practical level of day to day,

很多的评判都是负面意义的  so a lot of judgment having negative sense.

还有...  and there's...

B：那不是很有趣吗?  isn't that fun?

Q：我想知道如何更好地理解这种负面的评判  I'm wondering how to understand this negative judgment better and how to

尤其是当面对看似糟糕的事情，和我们不应该不必接受的东西时  especially when confronted with things that seem are seemingly bad and things we shouldn't necessarily accept.

B:嗯，你总是能认出你喜欢的，和你不喜欢的  well you can always recognize what you do and don't prefer,

但是认出你喜欢的东西这个观点并不意味着你需要证明你不喜欢的东西是无效的  but the concept of recognizing what you prefer doesn't mean you need to invalidate what you don't prefer.

因为这是一个同样有效的选择  because it is an equally valid choice,

你可以从一个中立的观察位置认识到你不喜欢它  and you can recognize that you don't prefer it from a neutral observational position.

否定地批判某个东西实际上通常代表了你在否定地批判你自己内在的某个东西  the idea of judging something negatively actually usually is representative that you're judging something negatively within yourself

因为如果你知道所有东西都是中性的  because if you understood that everything is neutral

而且这确实是一个同样有效的选择  and that it is truly an equally valid choice.

那么，你就不会像你说的那样对它有任何指责了  then you wouldn't have any charge on it as you say

你会知道它无法影响你  you would know that it can't affect you

因为你不接受  because you're not accepting that

因为你不喜欢它  because you don't prefer it

所以你不会受它影响  so you can't be affected by it

所以如果你知道你不可能被别人给你的东西所影响  so if you know that you can't be affected by something that someone may offer you

你察觉到那能量上是负面的，存在的状态是负面的  that you perceive to be negative in energy negative as a state of being

如果你知道这事与你无关  if you know it has nothing to do with you

并且知道，你不会经历到它，仅仅因为你能中立地观察它  and know that it cannot be experienced by you just because you can observe it neutrally

那么你有什么理由去评判它呢?  then what reason do you have to judge it

Q:你对人们有什么建议？比如有些人抗议或者不抗议，但表现出他们对另一类人的仇恨  what is the advice for people say there's some people protested or not protesting but showing their hate for another type of person

B:- 正如我所说的 - Q:作为一个文化群体，你如何回应它？  well as I said as I said, how do you response to that as a culture as a group

B:你会认识到，他们表达的是恨自己身上的某个部分  you recognize that what they expressing is hatred for some part of themselves

你明白吗？  do you understand?

只是他们否认这点  it's just that they're in denial about it

记住，一个在否认的人也否认他们是在否认  remember that a person who is in denial is also in denial that they're in denial

是吧？ -Q: 嗯  yes? yeah.

B:因此，他们可能是被教育成，认为自己是不值得的、不被爱的、不配的  therefore they may have been brought up to believe that they are not worthy, unloved, undeserving.

实际上他们可能会觉得他们在评判自己  they may actually feel that they are in judgment of themselves.

但他们不敢看这个  but they are afraid to look at that

因为他们害怕，如果他们真的看到了这个，就会证明他们真的是不值得的  because they are afraid that if they do look at that, it will turn out to be true that they're unworthy

所以他们会尽一切方法避免在他们自己内在看到这些  so they will do everything to avoid looking at that within themselves,

这就意味着他们必须往他们的外在看，把他们不喜欢自己身上的东西投射到别人身上，作为近便的替罪羊  and that means they have to look outside themselves and project what they don't like about themselves onto others as convenient scapegoats.

你跟得上吗？  you follow?

所以，如果你知道这些恨别人的人在某种程度上是那么的痛恨自己  so if you understand that those people who hate others are in a sense in pain from hating themselves so much

你可以带有同情心去帮助他们开始寻找出路  you can have the compassion to help them start to find a way

开始审视自己和疗愈自己，通过认识到有很多方法可以证明自己  to look at themselves and heal themselves by understanding there are ways to validate themselves

所以他们不必负面地评判自己  so they do not have to judge themselves negatively

因此，就没有理由那样去评判别人  and therefore would have no reason to judge others in that way

这有道理吗？  does that make sense?

这有帮助吗？  is that helpful?

Q:还是有点的  in a sense, yes

但是？  but?

我的意思是当你有...  I mean when you have

往下说  yes

比如我不能和这些人说话，或者有这种理解的人不一定能和这些人说话，所以...  like I'm not able to necessarily speak to these people or people with that understanding aren't necessarily able to speak to these people, so...

B:为什么不呢？  why not?

Q:额  well

B:为什么不呢？  why not?

Q:我猜他们只是...  they are I guess but just...

B:他们怎么了？  they are what?

Q:不好意思，我在想办法阐述我的问题  sorry, I'm trying to formulate my question

B:- 好的 -

Q:是啊，我想我和人进行这些对话  yeah, I suppose I have these conversations with people and we

B:你知道，凭着中立的立场，你会允许他们说出自己的想法吗?  you know, do you allow through that neutral standpoint, do you allow them to speak their mind

因为如果你不允许人们说话  because if you don't allow people to speak

你可以允许他们做任何事  you can allow them anything

因为你要理解它不会真的影响到你  because again you understand it doesn't really affect you

这并不意味着你要原谅那些在别人身上做坏事或者强加自己在别人身上的人  now it doesn't mean you excuse someone who is perpetrating something negative upon another or forcing themselves on another

但是你可以理解，与他们对话和交流，帮助他们从更正面的角度看待自己，可以产生奇效，创造奇迹  but you can understand that dialogue and communication and helping them see themselves in a more positive light can work wonders and work miracles

事实上，我们相信你们星球上有个故事，一个你们叫做非裔美国人的人  there is actually we believe as story on your planet about an individual that you term an african-american

到处拜访，和一个你们称为3k党的组织成员交谈  going around and actually speaking to members of an organization you call the Ku Klux Klan

直到今天，因为他一直在跟他们对话  and to this day just because he is dialoguing with them

允许他们理解他是一个人，200多个人已经放弃了他们与那个组织的联系  and allowing them to understand him as a person 200 or more of those individuals have given up their connection to that organization

这是可以做到的  it can be done

你只需了解哪些机制在起作用  you just have to understand what the mechanisms are that are at work

以及了解如何处理这些人们害怕和憎恨自己身上的东西  and understand how to address the things that those people fear and hate about themselves

是吧？  yes?

所以这是可以做到的  so it can be done

Q：我不想花太多时间，但是...  and that I don't want to take too much more time but

B：别担心，我不会让你走的  don't worry I won't let you

Q：然后可以扩展到一些不太重要的事情上，比如像人们批评别人的艺术品  that then can filter down to sort of less important things maybe such as like people critiquing other people's art for instance

B：你总是有能力决定给你的信息或者给你的观点是否是你可以接纳的建议  well again you always have the ability to decide whether information given to you or a perspective given to you is advice that you could incorporate

它可能会教你一些东西  it might teach you something

但关键是你有能力决定什么是真的，什么不是真的  but the point is is you have the ability to decide what is and isn't true

如果你接受信息或者是特别的不带批判性的指责的观点或看法  if you accept the idea of information or a particular viewpoint or perspective without a judgmental charge on it

那么你可以自己决定什么是值得注意的，或是什么是有价值的值得你去吸收的，以及什么是你需要丢弃的，与你无关的  then you can decide for yourself what is worthy in a sense or valuable to you to incorporate and what you need to leave behind that has nothing to do with you

但这要由你自己去发展你内在的洞察力  but it's up to you to develop that discernment within yourself

仅仅因为有人批判你，并不意味着它一定适用于你  just because someone might critique you, doesn't mean that it's necessarily applicable to you

但是你得决定它到底是不是  but you get to decide whether it is or not

他们不会替你决定  they don't get to decide that you do

他们只是提供给你一个观点  they're just offering you a point of view

如果你消极地回应它  if you react to it negatively

那么在某种意义上，你其实是相信他们所说的是真的  then in some senses you actually are believing what they are saying to be true

这样可以给你一个审视自己内在的机会  so that might give you an opportunity to look within yourself

如果你受到了这样的批评，然后确认你是否一直过于严厉地批判自己  if you get such a critique and decide whether you've been critiquing yourself too harshly or not, yes?

Q：批评对我们来说是完全必要的  that critiquing is whole necessary for us

B：在某种程度上它可以是的  in a sense yes it can be

因为它可以用作为一个航向校正器  because it can be used as a course corrector

同样，你也不会总是一定要靠自己想出你生活中需要的每一点信息  again you won't always necessarily by yourself come up with every bit of information that you may require in life

这就是为什么会有那么多人，每个人都是别人的反射镜  that's why there are so many people, everyone is a reflective mirror for everyone else

这就是关系的意义所在  that's what relationship is for

来给他们一些东西，提供给他们一些东西帮助他们更多地成为他们自己  to give the people something, to offer them something that helps them become more of who they are

有时人们会消极地批判，有时他们会积极地建议  sometimes people will do it negatively, sometimes they will do it positively

有时他们可能会中立地批评  sometimes they may do it neutrally

但问题是，如果你没有那个反射，你就没有那个反馈  but the point is is if you don't have that reflection and you don't have that feedback

实际上，你可能会错过了一个可以提供你所需要信息的同步性  you may actually be missing out on a synchronicity that is giving you information you need

即使他们给你的信息不是你真正需要的  even if the information they're giving you is not literally what you need

它可以激发你去思考你之前没有想到过的东西  it may spark you to think of something you hadn't thought of before

因此，在这个意义上，无论你是否用了他们的话，它们都是有价值的  so in that sense, it all has value whether you use what they literally said or not

懂了吗？ - Q：嗯  make sense? yeah

这是关于运用想象力，开放创新  it's about being imaginative open creative

并且愿意理解在你生活中发生的任何事情都是有原因的  and willing to understand that nothing happens in your life without a reason

你来决定它该如何应用，以及它适用的程度  you get to decide how it applies and to what degree it applies

但如果它发生了，这是有原因的  but if it's happening, it's happening for a reason

当你处于积极的状态时，知道它的存在肯定是有原因的  and when you stay in the state, the positive state of knowing that it must be there for a reason

即使它是你不喜欢的东西  even if it's something you don't prefer

你处于一个积极的状态，然后用你喜欢的方式去使用你不喜欢的东西  you stay in a positive state and use what you don't prefer in a way you do prefer,

那么你就能从中获益  then you get the benefit out of it

如果你用一种你不喜欢的方式来使用你不喜欢的东西  if you use what you don't prefer in a way you don't prefer

你就不会得到好处  you don't get the benefit

懂了吗？ -Q： 嗯  make sense? yeah.

B：这有帮助吗？ - Q：嗯，谢谢！  does this help? yes, thank you

B：非常感谢你  thank you so much