s巴夏：我该忽视负面的新闻吗？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2018-04-13

Q:当我在社交媒体或者别的地方  when I'm on social media or something

我看到了世界上一些像是邪恶或者不公正的东西，有一些...  and I see something kind of like vile or wrong in the world there's something like

B:负面的东西 -Q: 是的 -  negative, negative, yes.

我倾向于【听不清】  I tend to just kind of oh I just kind of scroll off

只是远离它  just go away from it

B:好的  all right

Q:为了不选择它  as to not choose that

B:没关系，不管它是否停留在你面前这都不重要  that's fine, but it doesn't really matter whether it stays in front of your face or not

如果你选择你偏好的状态  if you're choosing the state that you prefer

Q:好  okay

B:但如果你不愿意看它，没关系  so but if you prefer not to look at it, that's fine

只是不要让它成为恐惧的反应  just don't make it a fear reaction

让它成为一个积极的选择，简单地认识到只不过在振动上它不是更好的，仅此而已  make it a positive choice to simply recognize that it's simply not vibrationally preferable, that's all

Q:还有比如像灾难之类的事情  and like certain things like like disasters or things like that

有时候我会随之行动，比如捐款  Sometimes I would act on them. Like maybe donate

B:没事的，这需要你诚实地去弄明白为什么你这样回应或反应  yes, that's fine. again it takes honesty to know why you are responding or reacting the way you are

因为有时候你会给自己看这些东西来弄清楚你是否还对它们有消极的反应  because sometimes you will show yourself those things to find out if you are still reacting negatively to them

或者你能否真正地从中立的立场去看待它们  or whether you really can look at them from a neutral place

以及学到一些东西  and learn something

这取决于你  it's up to you

每种情况可能会有所不同  and each case may be different

你所看到的每一件事在那也许都有不同的原因  each thing you look at may be there for a different reason

每次花点时间  take it a moment at a time

诚实地评估你自己内心的反应或回应是什么，以及为什么  and just honestly assess within yourself what your actual reaction or response is and why

Q:好的  okay

B:因为再次记住，外面发生什么事情并不是那么的重要  because again remember it doesn't really so much matter what happens on the outside

你如何对待发生的事才是起真正决定作用的  it's only what you do with what happens that really makes the difference

还有你选择处在什么样的状态  and what state of being you choose to be in

是吧？ -Q: 嗯  yes? yes.

B:因为你会看到更多不是你偏好的事物  because you're going to see more things that are not your preference

你越扩展你的意识  the more you expand your consciousness

你会看到更多你不喜欢的东西  you're going to see more of what you don't prefer

而不是更少  not less

但它对你的影响也会更小  but it will affect you less

因为你意识到它和你喜欢的一样都是有效的选择  because you realize that it's just as valid a choice as what you do prefer

因此你就没有用选择你喜欢的去验证你不喜欢的  and therefore you're not in validating what you don't prefer by choosing what you do

你允许它们全都中立  you're allowing it to all just be neutral

然后你就会得到你想要的效果  and then you will get the effect of what you prefer

你不会从你不喜欢的东西那里得到任何效果  and you will have no effect from what you don't prefer

但你不能只是忽视它  but you can't just ignore it

Q:当然  of course

B:但如果你选择不看它  but if you choose not to look at it

只是因为那是你真正中立的偏好  just because that's what you really neutrally prefer

如果那是真的，那就没事  that's fine, if that is true

如果那不是你逃避某些东西的反应，你或许需要去看一看去学点东西  and it's not a reaction where you're running away from something that you might actually need to look at to learn something from

是吧？ -Q: 是 -  yes? yes.

B:有帮助吗？  does that help?

Q:嗯，绝对有  yeah, it absolutely does

B:谢谢  well thank you