巴夏：用积极的方式看待抑郁
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年04月22日 15:05 辽宁
问：是的，我得到了一种判断，那就是舒服，而不是一直做实干家。

Q:Yeah,I'm getting the judgment in being comfortable and not

being the doer all the time.

巴夏：这与你们星球上当人们经历抑郁症时的想法类似。他们会以消极的方式定义自己的经历，因此将其视为抑郁症。而事实上，这一切都是当你知道自己在寻找无法找到的答案时发生的自然压缩。

Bashar:It's similar to the idea on your planet that when people experience depression.they're defining their experience in a negative way and so experiencing it as depression.When in fact all it really is,is the natural compression that happens when you know you're looking for answers that can't be found out there.

图片

巴夏：所以你去你知道他们在哪里的地方。你重新评估自己，重新定义自己，然后你显现成为一个全新的人。但是如果你把以这种方式寻找答案的想法定义为反社会，你出了问题，你不再外向，你变得孤僻。如果你开始以消极的方式来定义这个想法，即使这是一种自然的机制，你也会开始体验到以这种方式定义它的负面影响。它变成了压抑，而不是压迫，所以这是相似的。这就是为什么我们说注意你如何定义事物是至关重要的。倾听你的定义，真的要注意发生了什么。当你有经历的时候，觉察自己。当你给某件事贴上负面标签时，要注意自己。这与认可不同，简单客观地认识到某人可能正在做一些消极的事情，从机械的角度来说。这个想法是为了觉察自己，因为自己没有假设某些事情只是自动消极的。你明白吗？

Bashar:So you go to where you know they are,within.And you re-evaluate yourself and you redefine yourself and you emerge as a new person ,literally.But if you define the idea of going within that way to look for answers as something antisocial,something's wrong with you,you are not outgoing anymore,you're withdrawn.if you start defining that idea in a negative way,even though it's a natural mechanism,you will start to experience the negative effects of defining it that way.And it turns into frpression instead of compression.So this is similar.This is why we say it is so absolutely crucial to pay attention to how you define things.Listen to your definitions.Really pay attention to what's going on.when you have an experience,catch yourself.Catch yourself when you label something negatively.This is different from recognizing,simply objectively recognizing that somebody maybe doing something negative,mechamistically speaking.The idea though is to catch yourself for not assuming that something is simply automatically negative.Do you understanding?

问：是的.

Q:Yes.

巴夏：当你对此有更好的状态时，你会说，等一下，等一下。我不必把我现在的状态定义为消极的。让我探索一下，我能给这件事归因于哪些更积极的想法？即使他们是是通过消极情绪产生的，如果你认为他们是积极的，那么从这个角度审视它们会带来一些积极的好处。

Bashar：When you have more facility with that,then you will say,wait a miniute,wait a minute.I don't have to define this state I'm now as negative.Let me explore.What kind of ideas can I assign to this that are more positive?even if they turn out to be created through negativity if you assign the idea that they're there as Being positive then you'll get some positive benefit out of examining them from that point of view.










阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


