巴夏：成为高我
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2021-12-14 22:53


译者：Daniela



问：One of the things that has been exciting me the most lately, especially since the workshop, is establishing communication with my higher self. But sometimes I think communication doesn’t always come through as clearly as it can.
最近最让我兴奋的事情之一，尤其是在讨论会之后，是与我的高我建立沟通。但有时我认为，沟通并不是很清晰。

巴夏：All right; all right. A little bit of redefinition once again: remember that you are still thinking in a segregationist manner. You are not truly establishing with a separate higher self -- by acting upon the things in life that excite you the most, you are acting as the higher self in physical terms. That is establishing communication with the higher self. Being the higher self, being what you imagine the higher self would be if the higher self were physical -- which it is.
好。再一次重新定义一下：记住，你仍然在以一种隔离的方式进行思考。即使是通过做生活中最让你兴奋的事情，你也并没有真正的与一个独立的高我建立起联系，你只是作为高我在物质世界做事而已。而这就是在与高建立沟通。设想下，如果高我是有物质实体的，高我会怎样去做，那你就这样做，去成为高我。

问：Hmmm. Hmmm. 
嗯~

巴夏：Food for thought.
值得思考的想法。

问：Yes. If I were to ask you, is there anything that my higher self would want to communicate to me at this time…?
是的，我想知道在这个时候，我的高我是否有什么想要传达给我的东西？

巴夏： What excites you the most?
最让你兴奋的是什么？

问：The most, okay.
最兴奋的？

巴夏：Do it, and you will be living as the higher self. And then you will know exactly what the higher self is “trying” to tell you, because you will be the higher self, in physical terms. And your thoughts will be its thoughts: its thoughts are your thoughts. You will be one thing.
实现他，你就会作为高我生活。然后你会清楚地知道高我"试图 "告诉你什么，因为你将成为高我，就在这个物理世界中。你的想法将是它的想法：它的想法就是你的想法。你们是一体的。

问：Okay. That makes sense.
这很有道理。

巴夏：Then your decisions, your conscious commandment, your recognition of your excitement, your recognition of your integrity, will be cognitions of the higher self. You will be the higher self in physical terms. It is that easy.
那么你的决定、你有意识的戒律、你对你的兴奋的认识、你对你的完整性的认识，都将是高我的认知。你将成为物理意义上的高我。就是这么简单。

问：Okay, good. I have one other question. A couple of weeks ago you said that there was an individual from another civilization that I would be learning more about. And I was just wondering: did I have contact with this individual when I was a child?
好的，很好。我还有一个问题。几个星期前，你说会有一个另一个文明的人，我将会学习到更多跟他相关的内容。我只是想知道：当我还是个孩子时，我是否与这个人有过接触？

巴夏：Yes. 
是的。

问： I did. 
真的吗？

巴夏：Yes.
是的。

问：Can you elaborate on that? 
你能详细说明一下吗？

巴夏：No.
不。

问： Oh, heck. 
好吧~

巴夏：Be the higher self, the higher self remembers who it is. So the sooner you are the higher self, the clearer you will -- the more obviously you will -- attract to you the information; and you will recognize it, you will recall it.
成为高我，高我会记得它是谁。所以你越快成为更高的自我，你就会越清晰--你就会越明显地--吸引到你的信息；你会认出它，你会想起它。

问：Okay. 
好。

巴夏：Be the higher self, because that friend is on the same level as your higher self. So when you are the higher self, you will be that level, and you will be able to interact more immediately with your friend. You follow?
成为高我，因为那个朋友与你的高我处于同一层次。因此，当你成为高我时，你也将达到那个层次，你将能够与你的朋友更直接地互动。你懂吗？

问：Okay. Yes, I do.
好的 我会去做。