巴夏：遇到不好的事情怪高我
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-03-20 07:00



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年3月4日




问：许多人面临的挑战之一是与他们高我的关系，

One of the challenges that many humans face to connect with their higher Minds?



因为如果他们有一个充满挑战的童年，或不好的经历，他们会以某种方式怪罪他们的高我让这些事情发生在他们身上等等，

Because if they've had a challenging childhood or negative experiences that they somehow blame their higher mind for letting these things happen to them, Etc.



这种体验的一部分就是对那个频率有积极的体验，

And that part of this experience is having a positive experience with that frequency,



这样我们才能连上高我。

So that we allow ourselves to connect with it.



图片



巴夏：恩，人类会用各种各样的借口来让自己与他们高我中的真我保持分离或者体验这种分离，

Well, yes, humans will use many different kinds of excuses to keep themselves separate or experience separation from the idea of their true selves in their higher mind.



所以这些是负面的意识许可，让你摆脱对不前进的恐惧，

So these are permission slips negative permission slips that key off of fear of not going forward.



所以如果他们真的连上了高我，他们就不会害怕不好的事情发生，

So they will not be afraid of something bad happening, if they do connect,



或感觉自己不如，或不值得。

or feeling less than or unworthy.



这个类似你们许多人问的问题，为什么神允许坏事的发生，

So the idea is that it's similar to the concept of the question that many humans ask why does God allow bad things to happen,



从这个意义上说，神没有允许任何事情，神允许一切，

God doesn't allow anything in that sense, God allows everything,



因为你是那个掌控自己现实的人，

Because you're the ones in control of your reality,



在这个意义上，神没有指挥，

God does not Direct in that sense,



因为神是一切，神是一切可能存在的体验，

Because God is everything, God is every experience there can possibly be.



没有必要允许或不允许任何事情，这会立即移除你的自由意志，

And has no need of allowing or disallowing anything which would immediately remove your free will,



所以你用你的自由意志控制着正在发生的事情。

So the idea is that you with your free will are in control of whatever it is that's happening.



因为你被允许，

Because you are allowed to,



因为一切都是允许的，

Because everything is allowed,



由你来决定你喜欢什么，

It's up to you to decide what you prefer,



所以人们会用“他们的高我对他们做了什么或者没有做什么”等等的理由，

So the idea of people using the reason that their higher mind has done this to them or not done this for them and so on and so forth,



这只是另一种进入负面信念的方式，认为你自己无法控制，而你当然是在用你的控制来让它看起来好像你没有控制。

is just another way of going into a negative belief that you yourself are not in control when of course you are using your control to make it seem as if you're not.



问：很棒！

Amazing!