巴夏：做自己，最简单！
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2018-11-21



问：

Is there really a difference between my ego and my soul? 

小我和灵魂之间，真的有区别吗？



巴夏：

Yes! 

是的，有区别！



Your ego is the structure that focuses your soul in a way that allows it to experience what you call physical reality. 

小我，是意识的一种结构，你的灵魂通过使用小我，使祂的视角聚焦，从而体验到你们所谓的 物质实相



The ego's structure just by itself, its job, is just to give you a physical experience. 

小我结构本身的作用，只是为了让你能够体验 物质世界



As we have often said, the analogy is sort of similar to a diving mask. 

就像我们常说的，小我，类似于一个“潜水面具”



If you gonna dive into the ocean, It's going to be a little blurry unless you wear a diving mask that sharpens the image for you. 

如果你要潜入大海中，你就需要戴一个潜水面具，才能看清楚海下景象，否则你的视线就会有点模糊



So the ego is simply the diving mask. 

小我，就像这个 潜水面具

图片

It's not designed to tell you what to do or where to go. It's only designed to give you the experience that you decide to have in the clearest possible way. 

它的作用，不是告诉你 要做什么，或要去哪里，而只是让你能够 尽可能清晰地看见你决定要看的事物



So when you overload the diving mask with all these ideas that it's supposed to be in charge of everything.The diving mask will in a sense, resent that 

所以，如果你超负荷地要求“潜水面具”必须掌管一切事物，那么，潜水面具就会“心生怨恨、愤愤不平”



Because it's not built for that 

因为，它不是用来做这事的



And that's what turns it into the negative ego. And that's when the diving mask cracks 

于是，它就变成了“负面的小我”，“潜水面具”就破裂了



问：

So what you are saying is like the ego... 

那你的意思是说……小我……



巴夏：

It's a personality structure. 

小我，就是“人格的结构”



问：

Yeah! 

是的！



And the thing you just said about being in control. so that's usually what a lot of us want to be, what the ego want to do 

你刚才说到“手握控制权”，通常来说，这是很多人都想拥有的，很多小我都想这么做的



But you're saying ego actually doesn't want to do that, because it's not its job. 

但你刚才说 小我其实不想这么做，因为这不是它的职责



巴夏：

Correct! It's not what it is designed to do. 

对的，这不是小我 设计时所分配到的任务



问：

That's so cool! So, we're like doing it to ourselves. 

这太酷了！所以，我们就像在“自作自受”



巴夏：

Yes! Yes, you are! 

是呀……是的，你们就是在“自作自受”！



Because of the things you've been taught, the way you been taught to think about yourselves quite often is exactly backwards from the way you really need to think about yourselves. 

因为很多时候，你们所被教导的对自我的认知与想法，其实与你们真正应该看待自己的方式，完全相反



The personality structure is like a three sided prism 

人格的结构（小我），就像一个三面的棱镜



And it is that prism that breaks down the white light, the unbroken light of your consciousness, into the spectrum of your experience you call physical reality 

正是这个三棱镜，将“不合不分”的你意识的白光，分散为你们的物质实相中体验到的“光谱”



But that's its job. That's it. 

但这是小我的工作，仅此而已！



It gives you that breakdown experience. So you can experience time and space and process and change and discovery from a new point of view 

它带给了你们“分裂”的体验，这样的话，你们就可以从一个新的视角，去体验时间、空间、过程、变化和发现

图片

问：

Like a rainbow 

就像彩虹一样！



巴夏：

Exactly! 

完全正确！



And that's its job and that's it. It's not designed to determine what you should do with that rainbow 

那就是它的工作，如此而已！但是你面对彩虹时该怎么做，则不是由它来决定的



问：

That's really cool! 

这太酷了！



And that's why you listen and go in the moment in excitement, because it's a process, 

这就是为什么我们只需要：在每个当下，跟随兴奋，倾听内心，步步向前，因为这是一个过程



And you don't know anything or one thing and you're not suppose to do. 

因为你（对未来）一无所知，并且，你也不应该知道



巴夏：

And you're not supposed to, that's correct. 

你也不应该知道，这是对的！



问：

Even you have intuition. 

即使我们有了某种“直觉”



Because that's the thing that I'm hard on myself. Like: go! You should know...

这也是我对自己比较“苛责”的地方，比如，我会对自己说：“去！你应该知道……”



But I shouldn't know. 

但实际上，我不可能知道



巴夏：

Not necessarily! 

也不完全是这样！



You will know what you need to know when you need to know it. 

你会在你需要知道的时候，知道你需要知道的东西



问：

Right! Right!

对的！对的！



巴夏：

That's why we and our civilization have absolutely no memory. 

这也是为什么 我和我的族人 压根就没有记忆



We just know that we will know what we need to know when we need to know it 

我们只是知道：在我们需要知道的时候，我们就会知道 我们所需要知道的信息



And we do, period! 

而且，我们也确实会知道！



We don't have to remember anything. 

我们不需要（费心思）记住任何东西



The information is just there, when we need it 

任何我们需要的信息，在我们需要的时候，就会出现



Not a second before we need it, but not a second later than we need it. Just there in perfect timing. 

不早一分，也 不迟一秒，总是在“完美时刻”出现！



That's why our civilization functions on what we call pure syncretism 

这也是为什么 我们的文明 是以我们称之为“纯粹的同步性”的方式运作的



问：

And everybody's following their highest excitement 

并且，每个人都跟随着他们的最高兴奋



巴夏：

Absolutely! 

那绝对是的！



And everything works. And everything dovetails. And everything fits

并且，事事顺畅运作，物物相互契合，人人完美适配 



Just again, like if you have a picture puzzle. All the pieces that form that big picture have a certain shape 

我再举个例子，就像是一张“大拼图”，组成这张大拼图的每一枚小拼图 都有一定的形状



And only by retaining their real shape, do they all fit together to form the big picture. 

只有这些小拼图都保持自己“真正的形状”，它们才能相互吻合，从而拼装出这幅大拼图



The trouble comes when you try to change the shape of the piece into something it's not. Then it doesn't fit in the picture 

如果你改变了某些小拼图的形状，那麻烦就来了，因为它在大拼图中已“无立足之地”



图片

That's the struggle that you all feel is the struggle of trying to be someone you're not you 

这就是你们所感受到的（做人难）“痛苦挣扎”，因为你们都奋力地想要成为“不是你”的你



You think it's the hardest thing in the world to be yourself. That's actually the easiest thing in the world 

你们认为“做自己”是世上最“艰难”的事，这其实是世上最“简单”的事



But you've been taught the opposite. 

只是你们都被“教反”了



So you try all sorts of things that are not you. And you wonder why you're exhausted all the time. 

所以，你们做尽了各种“不是你”的事情，却还疑惑自己为什么总是这么“疲于奔命”



It's exhausting trying to be someone you're not. 

努力地做“别人”，才会让你疲惫不堪



It's effortless and energizing to be who you actually are. 

做“真正的自己”，轻松不费力，且能量 满上加满



Does that help? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

That's awesome! I really appreciate it. 

太棒了！感激不尽！



Thank you very much. 

太感谢您了！



巴夏：

As we appreciate all of you. 

我们对你们所有人，也是感激不尽！



问：

Thank you 

谢谢！