巴夏Bashar:让小我安静的最佳方法
笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2015-11-13



译者微信号：364335790

视频经典，翻译不易，欢迎打赏，明天继续

图片

视频，可最大量接收到巴夏的能量

音频，可以边走边听

中英文对照版，希望对想学英语的朋友有帮助




Can you recommend how to quiet the ego, or what is the most optimal way to do that?

你能否告诉我，让小我安静的最好的方法？



The optimal way to quiet the ego is to allow the ego to do the job it was designed to do,

让小我安静的最好的方法，就是让小我，做它的本职工作



and stop putting more pressure on it than it is designed to handle.

不再给它额外工作量，增加它的压力



The ego's only job really is to keep you focused in physical reality

小我的唯一的目的，是让你关注在现实世界上



in order to have physical experiences, that's it,that's it.

如此你才能体验人生，仅此而已



The ideas is to allow the physical mind and the higher mind to work in concert,

让你的（物理）心智，与高级智慧和谐运作



by acting on your highest excitement,

去做最让你兴奋的事



by allowing a synchronous flow of unfolding events to happen in your life in perfect timing,

臣服于生命之流，允许你人生的同步性事件（奇迹），在适宜的时间发生



and to simply allow the ego structure to focus you in the experience that manifests as a result of that allowance.

让小我只是简单的，关注于所发生的（奇迹）上



That's it.

仅此而已



The ego is like the diving mask that you put on when you go deep-sea diving.

小我，就像你去深海潜游时戴的潜水镜



The reason you need the mask

你要戴个潜水镜



is because it makes it easier to see under the water, otherwise your vision is a little bit fuzzy.

要不然水中潜游时，你的视线会模糊



But if you tell the diving mask will not only must you clarify my vision,

但是你若要求潜水镜，不仅仅要让我视线清晰



but you must take upon yourself the ability to control all the fish that come to me,in what order I want to see them,

还能让我控制所有鱼，该怎么游就得怎么游



and exactly how deep I go and what ocean I swim in,

还能控制我游的深度，在哪个海里游



and what kind of a result I want to get out of this experience of deep-sea diving and all of that.

以及控制此次潜游的结果等等一切切



Then the mask cracks under the strain,

那潜水镜就在高负荷运作下“裂掉了”



because it's not designed to do all that,

因为它不是设计出来，做这些事的



it's only designed to help you see clearly in whatever it is you have chosen to see. Period.

它只是用来，让你在水里看得清楚的



问：Make sense!

有道理



So if you allow the ego to know that

如果你让小我知道



you are letting it do the job it was designed to do,

它只需做的的本职工作



and take the pressure off of it,

你拿走了它的压力



take the weight off that shoulders,

将它肩上的重担取走



so it doesn't have to control life,

它无需再控制生活



it can just experience life.

而只需要体验生活



Then it will find its place within all of the continuity of your consciousness,

然后它将（在你的意识中）找准自己的位置



it will thus then feel supported and loved

它将感觉自己是被支持的，被爱的



and not resent the extra pressure you're putting on it.

不会因你施加额外压力而产生怨恨



It is that resentment, that recoil of the ego that creates the negative ego,

就是因为小我的怨恨与畏缩，将小我变成“负面小我”



because once you put too much on its shoulders it builds up a resentment,

你如果给小我的重负过多，它将产生怨恨



because it wasn't designed to do that,

因为它设计出来不是做这些的



and that becomes the negative out-of-control ego that you talk about when you say negative ego.

它就变成了你所说的“失控的负面小我”



So just let it do its job,

所以，让它做它的工作



let it know it's loved for doing its job,

让它知道它是被爱的



let it know it belongs,

让它知道它是被需要的



And that it will not be annihilated just because you're going to

那它在与你的其他层次意识共同协作中



allow other levels of consciousness to do their job in tandem with it as well.

它就不会感觉被疏离



It has to know that it is always safe, it has to know that you are its friend, and it is yours,

小我必须明白它是安全的，它是你的朋友，它也属于你



and that you value and treasure and cherish the role that it plays for you, and allowing you to have a physical experience.

而且你也认可，珍惜它在你人生体验中的作用



Then it will quiet down,

于是它变安静下来



because it is now not being made to do more than it is truly designed to do.

因为它没做它本不该做的事情了



So the ego thinks it's going to die?

问: 那么小我是不是感觉自己要死了？



Yes! because when you told the ego that it is in control,

是的，因为你若告诉小我，它得掌控一切



and there is only that,it must control everything。

而且没得商量



and when you attempt to bring in the true higher consciousness that really has the bigger vision,

那当你带入，真正的能看得更远的高级意识时



the ego again thinks it's being replaced, thinks it's being kicked out, thinks it's being fired, thinks it's being annihilated

小我会觉得自己被踹出来了，被解雇了，被疏离了



because I can't understand that,

因为它无法理解



if it's supposed to be in control what this other consciousness doing here?

如果这里我说了算，那这些家伙来干嘛？



why are you inviting it in?

你为什么请他们来？



I am supposed to be the one running things,

不是本该我控制一切吗？



you gave me job and now you're replacing me,

你给了我这工作，现在又把我调走



you're kicking me out on the street,

一脚把我踹到街上



What's wrong? what I do?

哪里错了？我该怎么做？



Understand?

明白吗？



Absolutely!

完全明白！



So now it's like: No No......

你跟小我说：不不不



that's not your job description, this is your job description,

那些不是你的工作内容，这个才是



Oh that's easy, I can handle that, now please yes,

小我看看说：哦，这个简单，我搞的定



let the team come in, let the higher mind come in,

所以，欢迎高级智慧来吧



let the other levels of consciousness connect.

让其他层次的意识连接把



Because now I know I'm just the idea of focusing you on all the experiences coming from all those different things,

因为我知道的工作，只需要让你关注于所发生的



so that you are able to have that experience of life,

帮助你就很好地体验生命



and I am coordinating that for you, allowing you to focus on what you need to focus on,

而我也将协助你，让你可以一心关注在你该关注的



So that we can have that experience together and that's it.

如此我们才能共同合作，一起玩这个生命的游戏。



So finding your highest excitement is

问：所以发现你的最高激情



creating a symbiotic flow between microcosm and macrocosm?

就是在宏观世界与微观世界中，创造共生共存的“生命之流动”



Yes, because again if the highest excitement is representative of your true vibration,

是的，你的最高激情，代表着你的真正振频



then that means that the vibration wherein you are truly aligned with all that is.

代表着你与一切万有同频



Okay

很棒！



Make sense ？

有道理么？



Absolutely

太精彩了！



Does this help

这对你有帮助吗？



A lot！

人民感谢你！



Thank you！

谢谢！

