 巴夏：疯狂的兴奋
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-07-06


  日安，巴夏！  good day bashar

  你也日安！  and to you good day

  我不知道我该从哪开始说  I don't know it what should I start with

  我跟随我的兴奋  I'm following my excitement

  我很在行照顾别人和孩子，这就是我在做的事  I'm good with taking care of other people and children and that is what I'm doing

  好的  all right

  我发现生活以一种非常美好的方式支持着我  and I see that life sustains me in a very beautiful way

  让我旅游和做其它我一直想要做的事情  allows me to travel and do the other stuff I always wanted to do

  恩，恭喜恭喜  yes all right well congratulations

  其他人认为他们需要钱才能做的事情  things that other people they think that they need the money and get the money to do that

  但我做我喜欢的事情，并且也得到了回报  but I'm doing what I love and I get in return

  好的，谢谢你的叙述  all right thank you for your statement

  额，但是...  but

  但是？  but

  我跟随我的兴奋，过着我梦想的生活  I am following my passion and living my dream

  不，它只是...  no it just so

  但是？  but

  只是这看起来太疯狂了  it is just so crazy like

  我只是感觉，我不知道这一切都将走向何处  I just feel I don't know where everything will lead like

  这一切没有意义  nothing makes sense like

  你的一切没有意义是什么意思？  what do you mean nothing makes sense

  就是我照顾孩子，还有我徒步旅行  it's just I'm taking care of children and I'm traveling and hiking and

  为什么没有意义呢？  why doesn't that make sense

  我不知道这一切都将走向何处，生活是什么  I don't know where everything will lead and what is about life

  为什么你要知道这会带领你去往何方  why do you need to know where it will lead

  既然它已经带你到了你喜欢的地方了， 为什么你不认为它仍然会带你到你会喜欢的地方呢？  since it's already led you to places that you're enjoying why wouldn't you assume it'll still lead you to places that you will enjoy

  即使你现在不知道那是什么  even if you don't know what that is right now

  为什么你要详细地知道呢？  why do you need to know the specifics

  恩，这是...  yeah that is the

  恩，为什么它需要有意义呢？  yeah why does it need to make sense

  因为  because

  因为啥？  because what

  有时候这有点可怕  sometimes it's getting like kind of terrifying like

  人们会说，比如我要做什么或者下一步是什么  and people say okay like what I gonna do now or what is the next step

  喔，你说的是  oh so what you're saying is

  你脱离了你的兴奋状态，相信了别人的恐惧，为什么？  you are leaving your state of excitement and buying into the fears of other people why

  这和你有什么关系呢？  why does that have anything to do with you

  因为我们的周围一直都是那些人  because we are surrounded all the time by people

  那又怎样呢，这关你什么事呢？  so what why does that have anything to do with you

  你周围都是家具，那你要变成椅子吗？  you're surrounded by furniture are you going to turn into a chair

  我一直很难坚持自己  no I slow difficult to stay just yourself all the time

  这是一个信念  that's a belief

  做你自己并不难  it is not difficult to be yourself

  你只是相信它是，因此你就那样体验到它了  you only believe that it is and so you experience it that way

  没有天生就是困难的处境这一回事  there is no such thing as an inherently difficult circumstance

  没有的事  no such thing

  你的信念它是困难的，这就让你如你所信那样困难地体验它了  your beliefs that it is difficult allows you to experience it as difficult

  体验没有内置任何东西  nothing has built-in experience

  是你给体验以定义  you give it the experience by the definition you give it

  所以在你说，这是困难的，因为我周围总是那些人  so when you say well it's difficult because I'm always surrounded

  你所说的就是我接受了一个信念系统：我过得不好  all you're saying is I have bought into a belief system I'm not enjoying

  为什么呢？  why

  这不是真的，这不是事实  it's not true it's not a fact

  记住我们说过只有五个事实  remember when we said there are only five facts

  其它一切都只是一个信念，一种观点，一种视角  everything else is a belief an opinion and a perspective

  喔  yes

  所以当有人说大家都知道那是困难的  so when someone says well everyone knows it's difficult

  这不是一个事实  it's not a fact

  由于你认为它是一个事实，你就使它成为了事实  you're making it a fact by believing it to be a fact

  这不是一个事实  it's not a fact

  你不必相信它  you don't have to believe it

  当有人说大家都知道那是困难的  when someone sells everyone knows that's difficult

  你可以说，我不知道那个  you can say I don't know that

  所以我想并不是每个人都知道  so I guess everyone doesn't know that

  所以这并非每个人都是那样的  so that's not true then for everyone

  也许对你是真的  might be true for you

  也许对他是真的，也许对她是真的  might be true for him might be true for her

  但对我不是真的  it's not true for me

  由你来说什么对你才是真的  you get to say what is true for you

  没错  that's true

  我知道  I know

  通过跟随我的兴奋我只是偶尔坐飞机，说到我的过去  and by following my excitement and just flying sometimes said of my past

  人们说：哦，她疯了  people say oh she's crazy like

  疯狂怎么啦  what's wrong with being crazy

  只是...  it just

  疯狂有什么不对吗？  what's wrong with being crazy

  有消极的疯狂  there is negative crazy

  但也有积极的疯狂  but there's also positive crazy

  积极的疯狂就是我们之前说的  positive crazy are the things that we were talking about before

  当你们有人表露天赋的时候  where you have people that express genius

  那是积极的疯狂  that's positive crazy

  像你们爱因斯坦那样的人怎么能彻底改变你们对宇宙的认知  how could someone like your Einstein completely revolutionize your understanding of the cosmos

  如果他没有疯狂到追随他的梦想  if he wasn't crazy enough to follow his dream

  并证明事情并不是人们所想的那样  and demonstrate that things weren't what people thought they were

  你必须疯狂，也就是说你必须打破现状  you have to be crazy in the sense that you have to break from the status quo

  如果打破现状是疯狂的  if breaking from the status quo is crazy

  没关系的，如果这是积极的疯狂  that's okay if it's positive crazy

  它总是会催生一些宏伟的东西  it will always lead to something magnificent

  出乎意料的极好的东西  something unexpected and beautiful

  所以不要仅仅是因为你用了“疯狂”这个词而认为这是消极的东西  so don't just assume that just because you're using the word crazy that that's a negative thing

  你必须先把它定义为消极的，才可以以消极的方式体验疯狂  you have to define it as negative to experience crazy in a negative way

  但如果你以积极的方式来定义它和体验它  but if you experience it and define it in a positive way

  那便是你将会体验到的，一个积极的疯狂人生  that's what you will have a positively crazy life

  你会喜欢它的，每一个疯狂的时刻  and you'll love it every moment of it every crazy moment of it

  然后你会找到其他的小伙伴  and you find the other people who join you

  那又怎样，他们会加入你的，否则他们就不会了  so what they'll join you or they won't

  不过这没关系，也不要紧  but it doesn't matter it won't matter

  这可以是你自己的旅程，但是一般来说  it can be your own journey but generally speaking

  如果你以一种好的方式疯狂  if you're crazy in a good way

  我会发现其他疯狂的好人会加入你  you will find other good crazy people who will join you

  然后在你知道它之前，整个世界将是好的疯狂  and then before you know it the entire world will be good crazy

  对吗？  yes

  另一个问题  another question

  你在某个时候说过，现实只是一个幻象  you said at some point that reality is just an illusions

  它是一个投射，它是一个反射  it's a projection it's a reflection

  但是体验是真的  but the experience is real

  所以这就是我们在地球上要做的，做你自己  so that's what we just have to do here on earth just be yourself

  只是经历每件事和体验一切，不管会出现什么  and just go through everything and experience everything whatever comes our way

  并从中学习，是的，学习你是谁，忆起你是谁  and learn from it yes learn who you are remember who you are

  这就是你所需要做的  that's all you need to do

  就这样  that's it

  这就是为什么你靠你自己发现新的自己  that's why when you're on your own you just discover new things about yourself

  因为你在做你从未想过你会做的事  because you are doing things you never thought you're gonna do and

  是的  yes

  好玩吗？  isn't that fun

  很好玩  it's awesome

  那么就这样吧，还需要说什么呢，完全没有了  then there you go what more needs to be said absolutely nothing

  恩，谢谢  -  谢谢  yeah thank you thank you