 巴夏：为什么我害怕显露真实的自己？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-08-06


  还有个问题  also um



  【柴郡猫（Cheshire cat）是英国作家路易斯·卡罗尔创作的童话 《爱丽丝漫游奇境记》中的虚构角色， 形象是一只咧着嘴笑的猫，拥有能凭空出现或消失的能力， 甚至在它消失以后，它的笑容还挂在半空中。】  



我的高我经常以柴郡猫的形象出现  my higher mind usually comes to me as the Cheshire Cat

 

  有时是的，虽然那也可能是其他的东西  sometimes yes although that can be other things too

  好吧，你知道这个目的是什么吗？因为她透过月亮向我微笑  okay do you know the purpose of that because she smiles at me through the moon

  当其它一切都消失了，还剩下什么？  and when everything else has disappeared what's left

  快点，你知道柴郡猫的故事的  come on you know the story of the Cheshire Cat

  当猫消失的时候，最后一件出现的事是什么？  when the cat disappears what's the last thing to go

  眼睛  the eyes

  是微笑  the smile

  微笑  smile

  因此，这是告诉你唯一重要的事情就是保持你喜欢的状态  therefore what does that tell you the only important thing is to stay in the state you prefer

  微笑是代表了柴郡猫的状态  the smile is representative of the Cheshire cat's state

  并告诉你所有你需要知道的关于柴郡猫的事情  and tells you everything you need to know about the Cheshire Cat

  你不需要看到猫的其余部分  you don't need to see the rest of the cat

  微笑告诉你到底猫是在什么频率上  the smile tells you exactly what frequency that cat is on

  所以无论如何保持住频率  so keeping in frequency no matter what

  不管怎样  no matter what

  因为你周围发生什么并不重要  because it doesn't really matter what's going around you

  唯一重要的是你如何回应它，你更喜欢处在什么状态  it only matters how you respond what state you prefer to be in

  无条件地  -  对  unconditionally right

  我知道了，我很感激  I'm really getting that I'm grateful

  好的  all right

  【有一种血液非常的稀缺、珍贵，它就是RH阴性血， 被医生称之为“熊猫血”。 RH阴性血型者在汉族人群中仅占千分之三左右。】 

  还有，我以前害怕让别人知道我是Rh阴性血  also um I used to be afraid of letting other people know about Rh negative blood

  恩，那么现在呢？  yes and now

  我不是很害怕，只是  I'm not so afraid but just

  你只是有点害怕  you just a little afraid

  是的，我只是有点  yeah I just a little

  哦，那会发生什么呢？  oh what's going to happen

  我不知道  I don't know

  你害怕什么？  what are you afraid of

  她是外星人，抢劫犯  she's an alien grabber

  把她放到监狱里  stick her in prison

  把她关到笼子里，用棍子戳她  stick her in a cage poke her with sticks

  把她放到怪物展上  put her in the freak show

  你怕啥？  what are you afraid of

  我不知道  I don't know

  你肯定知道  sure you do

  我害怕有人发现我是谁  I'm afraid of someone finding out who I am

  为什么这会是一件非常坏的事情呢？  and why would that be such a bad thing

  额，我知道逻辑上这不会是件坏事，但是  well I know logically it wouldn't be a bad thing but

  我知道你逻辑上知道这一点  I know you know that logically

  但为什么你没有在能量上知道呢？  but why don't you know that energetically

  为什么你没有确信呢？  why don't you know that in your bones

  如果别人知道了你是谁，你怕什么？  what are you afraid of when someone might know who you are

  这对你意味着什么？  what does that mean to you

  你害怕会发生什么？如果他们发现了那个， 如果他们认出了它，如果他们看到了那个  what are you afraid will happen if they find that out if they recognize that if they see that

  如果他们真的看到了真正的你， 根据定义为什么他们会做会让你感到害怕的事情  if they actually see who you are, why by definition would they do anything that would cause you fear

  无论如何， 他们会有意伤害你的唯一方式就是如果他们看不到真正的你  the only way they would in any way have an intention to do harm is if they don't see who you are

  如果他们只看到他们认为的你，只看到他们想让你成为的人  if they only see who they think you are who they want you to be

  对  right

  如果他们真的看到了真正的你，根据定义  if they actually see who you are by definition

  在那种状态就不可能有伤害  there can be no harm in that state

  明白了吗？  does that make sense

  恩  yeah

  那么  so

  这是否意味着，再也没有什么东西会让你害怕做你自己， 或者你还是害怕？  does that mean then there is nothing that remains that would cause you fear about being who you are or are you still afraid

  没有了，这更有道理了，我觉得更踏实了  no that makes more sense I feel more grounded in that

  好吧，你再听一下  all right you see again

  这是关于定义和信念的事  this is the thing about the definitions and beliefs

  当你发现与你不一致的信念时  when you discover the beliefs that are not aligned with you

  然后揭露它们  and bring them to light

  它们没有意义  they make no sense

  当你发现与你真正一致的信念时  when you discover the beliefs that are really in alignment with you

  你马上就知道它们是有意义的  you instantly know they make sense

  你会感觉到它是真的，相一致的感觉  it feels true for you it feels in alignment

  因为它就是  because it is

  对  right

  但你必须明白搭配它的定义是什么  but you have to understand what definition goes along with that

  而不是有互相矛盾的定义，把不属于彼此的混淆在一起  and not have contradictory definitions mixed up where they don't belong together

  所以当你说我是我的真正的自己  so when you say I am my true self

  但我害怕如果我是真我，可能会发生一些不好的事情  but I'm afraid something bad might happen if I am

  你不是在建立真实自我的定义  you are not creating a definition of the true self

  你是创造了一个不同的定义在另一个现实中， 这与处于一种代表了你真实自我的存在状态无关  you're creating a different definition in its own reality that has nothing to do with being in a state of being that's representative of your true self

  对  right

  所以你要看到你自己身上的矛盾  so you have to see that contradiction in yourself

  然后认出并觉悟，你会说：等一下  and recognize and wake up and go wait a minute

  我不可能真的处于一种真正真我的状态  it's not possible for me to actually be in a state of being that is really truly who I am

  所以，在那个状态中发生了一些互相矛盾的事情  and therefore for something contradictory to happen in that state

  这就像说我要用蓝光充满这个房间  that's like saying I am going to fill this room with blue light

  但是我担心某个地方可能会出现一些红光  but I'm afraid that some red light might appear somewhere

  即使我没有红色的灯泡，墙上也没有可以穿透红光的裂缝  even though I have no red bulbs and no cracks in the wall through which red light could come

  我已经用蓝光填满了房间  and I have filled the room with blue light

  但我还是害怕红光会出现  and I'm still afraid that red lights gonna show up

  我不知道从哪里来  I don't know where from

  但是，天哪，我想它会出现的  but gosh I guess it just will

  不可能  not possible

  你在一个充满蓝光的房间里  you're in a room filled with blue lights

  对  right

  这就是定义  that's the definition

  如果你说红光能够进来  if you say red light can come in

  那么你就从一个充满蓝光的房间进入另一个红光也可以进来的房间  then you're in a room filled with blue lights into which red light can come

  这是另一个现实  that's another reality

  这是另一种定义，这是另一种体验  that's another definition that's another experience

  好吧  okay

  这不是同一个定义  it's not the same definition

  不要搞混它们  don't mix them up

  好的  okay

  你明白一些了吗？  is this making some sense

  恩  yeah

  你们明白些了吗？  is this making some sense

  是  yes

  Rh阴性血的目的是什么？  what is the purpose of the Rh negative blood

  我们下次再讲  we'll go into that another time

  我不想吓到你  I don't want to freak you out

  只是开个玩笑  just kidding

  只是看看你会怎样反应  just seeing how you'll take it

  我现在是和谁说话？  and who I'm speaking to now

  真我吗？  true self

  真正的自己，我感觉很好  true self I feel good

  好的  all right

  我感到焕然一新  I feel new

  谢谢！  thank you

  恩  yeah

  日安！  good day

  谢谢！  thank you