 巴夏：怎样找到我的内在海豚？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-08-11


  你好！  hello

  你也日安！  and to you good day

  谢谢！  thank you

  你刚才说的真让人感到不可思议  that was incredible what you were just talking about

  哦，这是十分可信的  oh it's quite credible

  我曾有过几次经历，只是轻微的  I've had a couple experiences just slight

  在我几年前阅读珍·罗伯兹（通灵赛斯）的书的期间  while reading some Jane Robert's books years ago

  我有过很多很多次层叠的体验  I had these many many many layered experiences

  当时我觉得一切都是你所说的最微小的界限  where I felt everything was the littlest edge of that you spoke of

  所以如果我回到那里，我就可以  so if I go back to that I can

  也许  maybe

  适应和进一步扩展  acclimate and expand further

  也许是的，但并不一定要与那一时刻的感觉完全相同  maybe yes it doesn't have to necessarily feel identical to that moment

  但回想起那一刻， 你就会知道你是处于适当的状态，可以从那里继续扩展  but in remembering that moment you can know that you're in the proper state to continue to expand from there

  对的，因为当我在那里的时候  right because when I was there

  在我放松和允许的时候， 我就产生了那感觉，未来过去一切都是在当下发生  I was I created it where I was just relaxing and allowing and it was all future past all was going on

  但在其他时候，感觉就像是失去了控制  but at other times it feels or it can feel like a loss of control

  有很多很多  there's so much

  我们理解可以是那种感觉  we understand it can feel that way

  但这并不是说你失去了控制  but it isn't that you're out of control

  只是你在一个陌生的领域  it's just that you're in unfamiliar territory

  你可以习惯它的  you can get used to it

  只要呼吸，放松和欢笑  just breathe and relax and laugh

  敞开心扉并相信，在你的内在有一个自动导航机制，叫做同步性  open up and trust that there is an automatic guiding mechanism within you called synchronicity

  这将会给你一个组织原则， 恰好够你应付，正好在你可以处理它的时候  that will give you as an organizing principle exactly as much as you can handle exactly when you can handle it

  所以只要让自己放松下来， 顺其自然，大流会带你去往你需要去的地方  so just relax into it and go with the flow the flow will take you where you need to go

  好的  -  对吗？ 嗯嗯  okay yes and yes yes

  是的，很好  yes that's very good

  好吧  -  恩  all right okay

  还有在你用词的时候，我震惊了  also I was struck when you use the word

  哦，有伤到你吗？  oh did it hurt

  没有，那很好，我喜欢你的修辞  no okay that's so good I love your literal things

  比如收发、萨满  transceive and the shamans

  我想知道当你谈论海豚和找到内在海豚  I wanted to know when you're talking about the dolphins and finding the inner dolphin

  很久以前，我和我的老伴卖掉了所有的东西， 离开了城市，去大自然露营旅行了15年  a long time ago my partner and I sold everything and left and went traveling camping in nature for 15 years

  没有人，没有电话，也没有...  with no people and no phone and no

  不，还有人，就是你  no there were people there was you

  好吧，周围有人，但不是像现在这样，不一样的  right well there are people around but it wasn't is like it is now it's different

  噢，好吧  oh all right

  在大自然中，比我现在的更丰富，有人，你说得对  it was in nature more than I am there were people you're so right

  但是  but

  在这里和欧洲有很多露营地  with a lot of campgrounds here and in Europe

  恩  yes

  我热爱大自然  and I love nature so much and I love

  大自然也爱你  nature love you

  我一直觉得自己是大自然的一部分，总能感觉到  and I always feel a part of nature and always felt so

  所以总的说来，我想要能够使用或者理解我所知道的， 并扩展我自己的能力，去挖掘、了解和发现你说的内在海豚  so basically I want to be able to use or understand what I do know and expand upon my own abilities to tap in and how to know and how to find the inner dolphin you said

  你想让我告诉你怎么找到内在海豚吗？  do you want me to tell you how to find the inner dolphin

  但我坐在这里听到一部分是要靠想象力  but the part I got myself sitting here listening was imagination

  恩  yes

  我不知道，是不是靠画面，或者你是怎么做的  or I didn't know if just looking at pictures or how do you do

  任何对你有用的意识许可都可以  whatever permission slip works for you

  当然，始终是按照公式来，跟随你的激情， 尽你最大的能力，不执着任何特定的结果  and of course always the formula of following your passion to the best of your ability with no insistence on a particular outcome

  你已经知道这个的，对吗？  you already know that yes

  是啊  yes yes yes

  因此，所有这些意识许可，不管你被吸引至什么意识许可  so all of that and the permission slip idea of whatever permission slip you're attracted to

  你被吸引那，是因为那是会对你有效的意识许可  you're attracted to because that's the one that will work for you

  但是如果你愿意的话，我也可以给你一些非常独特的指导  but I can also give you some very specific instruction if you would like

  好，我要  yes I would

  好吧，你准备好了吗？  oh all right are you ready

  我已经准备好了  I'm ready I'm already ready

  好吧  all right

  是海豚  the dolphins

  你要翻译下啥意思  now you have to translate that

  你在告诉我我是多么的有趣  you're telling me how fun I am

  只是开玩笑  just kidding

  好吧，你说的啥？  okay what did you say

  不是，我不是要你重复它  no I didn't ask you to repeat it

  我是说

  我是要你用你自己的话来翻译给你自己听  I asked you to translate it for yourself in your own terms

  用我自己的话  in my own terms

  这是你的家庭娱乐  that is your home fun

  我们不称之为家庭作业，我们称之为家庭娱乐  we don't call it homework we call it home fun

  所以接受我们刚才给你的振动，作为一个非常特别的指令， 通过发觉我们这里海豚的频率来找到你内在的海豚  so take the vibrations we just gave you as a very specific instruction through the vibration of finding the dolphin within us to finding the dolphin within you

  这并不意味着你必须那样说话  doesn't mean you have to talk that way

  我们只是给你一个频率去锁定目标  we're just giving you a frequency to home in on

  所以这个音调和声音持有频率  so that tone and that sound is holding the frequency

  是的，这个频率包含有你需要的信息  yes and the frequency holds the information that you need

  所以我们给了你一点谜题去破译  so we've given you a little bit of a puzzle to decode

  你能再做一次吗？  can you do it one more time

  我很喜欢，很好  I love it okay

  你能做另一种动物吗？  can you do another animal

  你听到了吗？  did you hear it

  没有，这是蝙蝠或是什么吗？  no is it a bat or something

  是的，高频声纳  yes high-frequency sonar

  是吗？  it was

  是的，我看你注意到了  yes see you picked up on it

  我注意到了，但我没有察觉到，我想我只是在开玩笑  I picked you up on it but I see I don't I'm not aware that I think I'm just joking

  这给你上了一课，不是吗？  and there's a lesson for you there isn't there

  我想是的  I guess so

  我就知道  I know so

  再做一个吧  do another one

  没有  nope

  好吧  okay

  谢谢你这么做  thank you for doing that

  不客气  you are welcome

  还有这堂课  and the lesson

  这对你有用吗？  does that serve you

  非常有用  very much so

  好吧，现在我要进行人类的交流  alright well now I'll do a human communication

  请坐！  please take your seat

  拜拜  bye bye

