 巴夏：活在当下，爱自己
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2017-10-26


你好，巴夏  hello Bashar

你也日安！  and to you good day

好，我的名字被叫到了两次，所以我觉得我有点绝望  okay I got my name speak twice so I think I'm desperate sort of

我现在有两大难题  okay I have two challenges right now

恩  yes

一个是如何活在当下  one is how to be present

另一个难题是如何爱自己  and another challenge is how to love myself

如何爱你自己？  how to love yourself

是的  yes

如何活在当下？  how to be present

恩  yeah

我能问你一个问题吗？  may I ask you a question

当然  sure

有没有什么时候你是没有处在当下的？  is there any time when you actually aren't present

那时你是处在过去或者未来？  when you are past or future

你现在是在这里吗？  are you here now

物理上是的，但我有点焦虑，然后我的脑子一直在转  physically yes but I have sort of anxiety and then my mind is racing all the times

转来转去  racing racing racing

不停思考  racing thoughts

那你的恐惧是什么？你害怕什么会发生在你身上？  well what are your fears? what are you afraid will happen to you?

这就是我问的  that's what I'm asking

再说一遍  say again

这就是我要问的，我不知道我害怕的是什么  that's what I'm asking I don't know what I'm afraid of well my fears

你当然知道  of course you do

我会这样问  I'll ask it this way

从这个提问的线索开始  starting with this line of questioning

你有活在你的最高兴奋之中吗，是还是不是？  are you living your highest excitement yes or no

是的  yes

那么，如果你活在你的最高兴奋之中，你又怎么可能害怕呢？  then how can you be afraid if you're living your highest excitement

我不知道  I don't know

所以线索就在这个答案里  so the clue is in that answer

如果你正在经历恐惧，你就没有活在你的最高兴奋之中  if you are experiencing fear you are not living your highest excitement

因为如果你真的处于兴奋状态之中  because if you're actually in a state of excitement

在它里面就没有恐惧的定义  there is no definition of fear within it

当你经历恐惧的时候，你就脱离了兴奋的状态  when you experience fear, you have left the state of excitement

你明白吗？  do you understand

恩  yes

所以我会再这样问个问题  so I'll ask the question again this way

如果你继续按照你的最高兴奋行动，你害怕会发生什么？  what are you afraid will happen if you continue to act on your highest excitement

我从来没有想过  I've never thought about it

现在想想  think of it now

如果你继续一直按照你的最高兴奋行动，你害怕会发生什么？  what are you afraid will happen if you continue to act on your highest excitement all the time

你害怕可能会发生什么？  what are you afraid might happen

我会成为别人  I will be somebody else

成为别人怎么了？  what's wrong with being somebody else

因为你唯一可能能够成为的人就是更是你自己  because the only somebody else you could possibly be is more of yourself

如果你按照你的最高兴奋去行动  if you're acting on your highest excitement

当你交给恐惧，选择恐惧  when you give over to fear and choose fear

那时你就不是做你自己  that's when you're not being you

那时你就是做别人了  that's when you're being somebody else

所以既然你已经是别人了  so since you're already being somebody else

你习惯了屈服于你的恐惧  and you're used to doing that by giving in to your fear

为什么不停止做别人，跟随你的兴奋做你自己呢？  why not stop being somebody else and be yourself by acting on your excitement

可能因为我知道我不想成为什么样的人  probably because I know what or who or what kind of person I don't want to be

但我还不清楚我想成为什么样的人  but still I'm not quite clear about what kind of person that I want to be

但如果你开始至少知道你不想成为什么样的人  but if you start at least knowing what kind of person you do not prefer to be

我十分清楚  I'm crystal clear

那剩下的呢？如果你尽你所能，不去成为你不想成为的那个人  then what's left? if you are doing everything you can to not be the person you don't prefer to be

这难道不是说自然而然地，剩下的就是成为你想成为的那个人吗？  would that not mean automatically that what's left is being the person that you do prefer to be

那还有什么呢？  what else is there

我不知道  well I don't know

没错，什么都没有  exactly nothing

可能这就是我害怕的，会成为那个我不知道的人  probably that's what I'm afraid of that somebody that I don't know

但有很多事情你不知道  but there are many things you don't know

你永远不会知道一切东西  you will never know everything

你认为在你能够按照你的兴奋去行动之前你必须知道一些事情吗？  do you think you have to know certain things before you can simply act on your excitement

我有强迫症，我真的想知道一切  I have OCD I really want to know everything

你不可能什么都知道，你不可能知道所有的事情  you can't know everything, it's not possible for you to know everything

事实上，知道一切会妨碍你  and in fact knowing everything is getting in your way

你明白吗？  do you understand?

你没有给流动留有余地  you're not allowing room to flow

你没有给自发性留有空间  you're not allowing room for spontaneity

你没有给同步性留有空间  you're not allowing room for synchronicity

在你愿意迈出第一步之前，坚持要知道所有的事情  insisting on knowing everything before you're willing to take a step

其实是最快的方式阻止自己采取任何行动  is the shortest way to stop yourself from taking any step

因为你永远不会知道你需要知道的所有东西，你不能  because you will never know everything you need to know, you can't

你的物质头脑无法知道它需要知道的关于人生的一切东西  your physical mind isn't capable of knowing everything it needs to know to move through life

我可以再问你一个问题吗？  may I ask you another question

请讲  yes

你得到过礼物吗？  have you ever been given a present

请再说一遍  pardon

你得到过礼物吗？比如在你的生日  have you ever been given a present? like on your birthday

礼物，你收到过礼物吗？  a gift, have you ever been given a gift?

没有  no

从来没有吗？在你的生日或者你人生其他事情上，从来没有人给过你任何礼物吗？  never? no one's ever given you any gifts ever in your life on your birthday or anything

我用一只手就可以数出来  well I can count it with my fingers one hand

你为什么从来没有收到过别人的礼物？  why have you never received gifts from anyone?

大概我渴望爱，因为我从未得到过爱  probably that I'm hungry of love because I never get loved

你要从爱自己开始  well you have to start with loving yourself

如果你不爱自己，别人为什么还要爱你呢？  why should anyone else love you if you don't love yourself?

这就是我所说的挑战  that's my challenges as I said

那么是什么阻止你爱你自己呢？  so what's stopping you from loving yourself

我不喜欢我自己？  -  当然  I don't like myself, sure you do

我不喜欢我自己  I don't like myself

但那只能意味着你不认为自己配得上它  but that must only mean that you don't think you're worthy of it

你为什么不认为自己配得上呢？  why don't you think you're worthy of it

你为什么不认为你值得爱呢？  why don't you think you deserve love

哦，可能是因为我小时候的创伤吧  Oh probably because of my childhood trauma

我一直被我的母亲否定，被伤害羞辱  I was constantly denied by my mom and humiliated by hurting

噢，好吧，但现在你已经不再是孩子了，不是吗?  oh all right but now you are not a child anymore, are you?

不，但创伤还在那里，痛苦还在那里  no but that trauma is still there, the pains is still there

谁说创伤还在这里  who says the trauma is still here

是你说的，是你在连接创伤  you do, you're making the connection

你正在创建一个不再存在的过去连接  you're creating a past connection that no longer exists

你在假设创伤还在你身上  you're assuming the trauma is still with you

你创造了一个没有必要存在的连续性  you're creating a continuity that doesn't have to be there

但有一天晚上，我感到很困惑，我有点想起了那些悲伤的往事，然后释放它了  but I got confused one night I sort of remembered those sad memories and let it go

但你现在正在创造那些回忆  but you are creating those memories now

你听我说，你认为记忆是过去的，其实不是  you see you think remembering is of the past, it's not

你每时每刻都在创造回忆  you're creating memories every moment

所以这些回忆可以说是仍然在为我服务  so those memories are still serving me sort of

如果你知道它们现在对你来说不存在，它们就不存在了  they don't exist for you if you understand that they don't exist for you now

因为每时每刻你都是一个全新的人  because every moment you are a new person literally

恩  yes

为了体验你们所说的过去的记忆，就像它是真的一样  in order to experience what you're calling a memory of the past as if it's real

事实上，你必须一次又一次地反复去重新创造它  you have to actually recreate that over and over and over and over again

你得说这就是现在的我的一部分  you have to say this is part of who I am right now

这就是我现在的一部分  this is part of who I am right now

这就是现在真正的我的一部分  this is part of who I am right now

你每秒数十亿次地在这样做  and you're doing this billions of times per second

因为你已经建立了一个假设，你必须那样做  because you have created an assumption that you have to do that

你没必要，你可以打破连续性  you don't, you can break the continuity

不管发生什么事都没有发生在你身上  whatever happened didn't happen to you

它发生在别人身上，因为你真的不再是那个人了  it happened to someone else because you are no longer that person literally

真的，不再是，永远也不会是那个孩子了  literally no longer and never have been that child

实际上，现在你可以重新认识你自己，重新定义你自己，作为一个完全不同的人，从来没有过那个过去那个历史的人  you can actually reidentify redefine yourself right now as a completely different person who never had that past who never had that history

如果你了解现实是如何运作的  if you understand how reality works

你每时每刻都是零点，每时每刻都在起点  you are zero every moment, square one every moment

每时每刻从头开始  back to scratch every moment

它看起来像是你过去的唯一方法就是，因为你在继续相信并坚持它是你的过去，其实不是  and the only way that it seems as if that's your past is because you are continuing to believe and insist that it is, when it's not

那是另一个与你无关的人  that's another person she has nothing to do with you

你跟她一点关系也没有  you have nothing to do with her

除了你想与那部分继续保持连接，你相信那部分会在此时服务于你  except for the pieces that you want to remain connected to that you believe serve you at this point

但如果你相信那部分不再为你服务  but if there are pieces you believe no longer serve you

那么它们对你来说就不是真的  then they're not real for you

因为它们从未在你身上发生过，你现在的这个人  because they never happened to you, the person you are now

好吧  okay

这没有夸张，这不是比喻  this is literal, it's not a metaphor

你体验物理现实的方式  the way you experience physical reality

你体验时间的方式，是一个副作用  the way you experience time it's a side effect

时间是你意识的附带作用  time is a side effect of your consciousness

每秒钟都在穿越数十亿个版本的并行版本的你自己  shifting through billions of versions parallel versions of yourself every second

就像电影胶片的帧  it's like frames on a filmstrip

放映机的光必须穿过每一个帧才能创造出运动、时间和变化的假象  where the projector light has to go through each frame in order to create the illusion of movement and time and change

但是这里的这个帧实际上和后面那个帧完全没有关系  but this frame over here really has absolutely nothing to do with this frame back here

它们是两个完全不同的帧  they are two completely different frames

当你决定将你的意识之光投射到不同的帧中  and when you decide to project your consciousness light through a different frame

如果你不喜欢它有关系，你会看到这个帧与其它帧就没有任何关系  you will see that this frame has nothing to do with the other frames if you don't prefer that it does

这其实就是现实是如何在物理层面上构建的，一次一帧，每秒数十亿次  this is actually physically how reality is constructed, a frame at a time billions of times per second

所以每时每刻你得决定你是什么帧  so every moment you get to decide what frame you are

你如何定义那一刻，在那一刻你又是谁  how you define that moment, who you are in that moment

它必须与你过去是谁没有关系，它不必与你曾经是谁有任何关系  and it has to have nothing doesn't have to have anything to do with who you have ever been

因为那不是你  because that wasn't you

有吸收一点了吗？  is this sinking in a little bit

恩  yes

让这个想法渗透到你的心里  let this idea percolate within you

开始探索，真正开始理解和认真考虑这个事实：你在每时每刻真的确确实实是一个不同的人  start exploring really start understanding and wrapping your mind around the fact that you truly literally are a different person every moment

我知道当你照镜子时，你会说那看起来仍然还是我的脸  I know that when you look in the mirror and you say well that still looks like my face

这不是片刻之前的那个脸  it's not the face that was there a split second ago

这是你创造的另一个脸，为了创造出连续性的幻觉，你是同一个人的假象  it's another one that you've created to create the illusion of continuity the illusion that you're the same person

人与人格是人造的结构  person and personality are artificial constructs

你如何定义它们便是你如何体验它们  how you define them is how you experience them

所以你实际上是在说  so all you're actually saying is

在你们所说的过去的某些时候  at some point in what you call the past

有人说服你相信一个信念系统：你在每一刻都是同一个人  someone convinced you to buy into a belief system that you are the same person every single moment

在你其中一个版本中发生的事情也一定继续发生在你的所有其他版本上  and that what happens to one version of you must continue to happen to all the other versions of you

这是体验现实的一种方式  that's one way to experience reality

但这不是唯一的方式  but it's not the only way

一般来说，这是完全错误的  and it is absolutely false in a general sense

只有你把它当作真理来看，这才是真的  it's only true if you have bought into it as a truth

但如果它不再让你那样想，把自己想象成曾经是那个孩子  but if it no longer serves you to think of yourself that way as having been that child

因为它不过是不再与你产生共鸣了  because it simply doesn't resonate with you anymore

而我们所做过的事情也不再继续为你服务了  and the things that we're done simply don't serve you anymore to hold on to

你完全有权利，也完全有力量放手它  you have every right and every power to let that go

因为对于每时每刻都是新的你来说，它实际上并不存在，直到你说它是存在的  because it actually doesn't exist for the new person you are every moment until you say it does

你完全控制着失去控制的感觉  you are in complete control of feeling out of control

你永远不会失去控制  you can never be out of control

为了能够有一个失去控制的体验  to be able to have an experience of being out of control

你必须处于控制之中，以创造出失控的体验  you have to be in control to create the out of control experience

这就是你在做的  that's what you're doing

因为你已经深信那是你必须要做的  because you have been convinced that that's what you must do

但在造物中绝对没有规则说你必须那样做  but there is absolutely no rule within creation that says you have to do that

你可以决定每时每刻你是谁  you can decide every moment who you are

你可以决定曾经的东西与现在的无关  and you can decide that what was has nothing to do with what is

这完全取决于你  it's up to you

我知道这会让你花一点练习来让你的大脑理解现实是如何构成的  I understand it may take you a little practice to wrap your mind around this concept of how reality is structured

没关系的  and that's alright

但我们会推荐并建议你那样练习  but we would recommend and suggest that you do practice that

认真思考这个对现实的本质和结构的理解  and wrap your mind around this understanding of the nature and structure of reality

因为当你的头脑最终领会它的时候，这会让你自由  because it will set you free when your mind finally grasps it

你可以自由地成为你想要成为的人  you will be free to be who you prefer to be

对吗？  yes

恩  yes

谢谢  thank you

还有个问题  another question please

我是一个按摩师  I'm a massage therapist

我很高兴我现在正在做的事情  and I'm really happy about what I'm doing right now

我明白你说的所有的技术都是意识许可，治疗师从没疗愈（病人）  and I understand what you said all techniques are permission slips and the healers never heal

但我还是很好奇针灸和经络背后的理念  and but I'm still curious about the idea behind acupuncture and meridian lines please

你再说一下  you must repeat that

好，中国传统中医  okay the traditional Chinese medication

恩  yes

人们有能量线  the idea is that people have energy lines

是的，我了解  yes I understand

是，经络还有穴位  yeah the meridian lines and also acupuncture points

嗯嗯，然后  yes yes so

背后的理念是什么？  what's the idea behind that

一切都是意识中能量的振动模式  the idea is that everything is a vibrational pattern of energy of consciousness

所以有些人能操作它，对此很敏感  so some people can work with that are sensitive to that

能理解如何去解读这些能量图  can understand how to read those energy maps

而其他人只是不明白  and other people simply don't get that

他们不与之合作，他们不那样工作  they don't work with that, they don't work with that way

但它是如何工作的？  but how it works

它通过振动通过共振来运作  it works through resonance through vibration

换句话说，任何治疗师都是这样做的  in other words any healer is doing this

不管是什么技术，不管是什么意识许可  no matter what the technique no matter what the permission slip

所有的治疗师都在做以下事情  all healers are doing the following thing

他们在自己的能量场中创造了一个共振  they are creating a resonance within their own energy field

那个共振，那个振动是代表了被疗愈的平衡状态  and that resonance that vibration is representative of the balanced healed state

当一个需要被疗愈者来到你这里  when a person comes to you to be healed

然后他们做的，如果他们想要的话  what they then do if they wish to

如果他们相信可以被疗愈  if they believe they can do

不管他们是否知道  whether they know it or not

他们试图与你发出的振动场相匹配  they attempt to match the vibrational field you're giving off

如果他们选择与之相匹配，如果他们选择与你的能量场振动相同步和相协调的话  and if they choose to match it, if they choose to synchronize and harmonize with that energy vibration in your field

然后在他们的能量场中创造相同的振动，就像两个音叉在和谐地振动  and create that same vibration in their field like two tuning forks vibrating in harmony

然后，你向他们建议的状态会让他们在他们自己的能量场中体验到那个状态  then the state of being that you are suggesting to them will then allow them to experience that in their own field

因为他们已经匹配了那个频率，然后他们就会自我痊愈  because they've matched that frequency and they will heal themselves

所以这意思是说需要两边，治疗师和病人都同意这项技术有效  so it means take it both sides, both the healers and the patients to agree that this technique works

是的，因为有时很多人会怀着坚信自己是无法被治愈而去找治疗师  yes because sometimes many people may go to a healer with the strong belief that they cannot be healed

因此，如果有人没有经验到疗愈或者平衡而离开  therefore if somebody does not experience a healing or a balancing and goes away

你还是给了他们他们要求的  you've still given them what they asked for

因为他们还要来找你是为了证明他们是无法被治愈的  because they still came to you to prove they can't be healed

所以他们得到了他们想要的  so they got what they want

所以，你仍然为他们做了服务，只是在那里做背景，让他们向所有人证明他们是无法被治愈的  so you've still done them the service of simply being there for them to allow them to prove to everyone they cannot be healed

你仍然给了他们那样的礼物  you have still given them that gift

好的，谢谢！  okay thank you

这有帮助吗？  does that help you

很有帮助  very much

谢谢！  thank you