 巴夏：我的频率是多少？
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2018-08-21

Q：提问者，B：巴夏



Q：你觉得我的频率是多少?你能看到吗…  what does my frequency look like to you? can you see like...



B：在这个特定的时刻，你的总频率大约是每秒13万5千次到13万7千次  at this particular moment your overall frequency is somewhere around 135 to 137 thousand cycles per second



当我们读取你现在的频率  as we read you right now



要知道，你们星球上大多数人在这个时候平均每秒运转四万到六万次  understand that most people on your planet on average at that time operate between forty to sixty thousand cycles per second



物质实相和灵性实相之间的临界值是每秒333000次  the threshold between physical reality and spirit is three hundred and thirty three thousand cycles per second



你们大多数人，当你们转变到第四密度时，当你们升级自己，并拥有和平的现实时  most of you when you transition into fourth density when you upgrade yourselves and have your peaceful reality



最终，你在你们的星球上创造了和平  finally that you create peace on your planet



你将会运作在每秒二十万次的幅度之上  you'll be operating above the 200,000 cycles per second range



在我们进化的过程中，此时我们的文明平均大约运作在每秒290000次到每秒300000次  our civilization operates roughly on average about two hundred and ninety thousand to three hundred thousand cycles per second at this point in our evolution



这样给你一些范围的感觉  so that gives you some sense of a range



Q：那么在座的每个人都是第四密度，对吧？  so everyone in this room is fourth density, is that right?



B：你们经由自己的选择正在进入第四密度，这就是意味着你正在升级你的能量，你正在提升你的频率  you are moving into fourth density by your own choice which simply means you're upgrading your energy you're upgrading your frequency



你在让自己知道，你可以真正体验到创造性的、爱与和平的现实  you're allowing yourself to know that you can actually experience a reality of creativity love and peace



然而你们星球上很多人并没有这些信念系统，因此运作在一个较低的频率  whereas many people on your planet don't have those belief systems and therefore operate at a lower frequency



但这是他们的选择  but that's their choice



Q：有人高于第四密度，像是第五密度，有可能吗？  is there anyone higher than fourth like fifth density, is that possible to be?



B：比第四密度高？  higher than fourth density



Q：是  yeah



B：还是物质的时候不会  not while being physical, no



Q：在物质的形态不会  not while being physical



B：不会，然后你转变到第五密度  no, then you transition into fifth density

也就是另一个名字你们叫做灵界  which is another name for what you call the spirit realm



Q：所以当你到达你身体的门槛  so when you reach the threshold in your body

进入另一个...  moves into another



B：你将不再是物质的  you will no longer be physical



Q：那是什么频率等级？  What frequency level does that occur



B：第五密度  fifth density



是的，第五密度，在每秒333000次之上  yes, fifth density above three hundred and thirty three thousand cycles per second



一直往上  and up



Q：所以通过提高你的频率，就会自动地发生，就像你消失了一样  so by raising your frequency that automatically happens, like you're just disappear



B：最终是的，但记住它自动发生  eventually but remember that it 

automatically happens



是的，在某种意义上是  yes in a sense



这就是为什么我们称我们自己是半实体的文明  that's why we call ourselves in our civilization quasi-physical



我们仍然有肉体性，但我们也有很多灵的特性  we still have physicality but we also have many of the traits of spirit



时间和空间对我们来说是很灵活的，非常有延展性的  time and space for us are very flexible very malleable



我们不像你们很多人那样扎根于此  we're not anchored to it in the same way that many of you are



但当你死亡后，你会一直体验到这种转变  but the idea is that you'll experience that transition all the time when you die



Q：我的气场是什么颜色的？  what color is my aura for example like



B：现在，我们看到的是，它是一种闪着银光的海泡石绿  right now as we perceive it it's kind of an iridescent silvery light seafoam green



Q：有没有一种核心颜色你一生都伴随的？  is there a core like a color that you stay with throughout your life



B：核心颜色是白色  core color is white



白色 - 是的



B：最高的频率是结合了所有的频率  the highest frequency that's the combination of all the frequencies



Q：是，我是在我特定的频率上  yeah I was at my particular frequency or



B：核心频率是每个人的核心频率  the core frequency is everyone's core frequency



因为核心频率是你的造物的火光  because the core frequency is your spark of creation



你的一切万有的火花  your spark of all that is



但你有一个变化范围，基于你在这个特定的时刻你在表达你核心的哪一面  but you have variations as a spectrum based on what aspect you're expressing of your core at this particular moment



你还远没有表达你的全部核心  you're nowhere near expressing your total core



Q：是的  right



我理解，人们来到这个世界的时候会带有某些颜色，比如红色  so I understood like people come in like with certain colors like red or



B：他们到来带着某些人生主题，可以用某些能量谱来表示，能量谱代表了他们正在探索的主题或者他们在探索事物的过程中所处的位置  they come in with certain themes that may then be represented by certain energy spectrums that represent the theme that they're exploring or where they're at in the exploration of the thing



Q：我的主题是什么颜色？  so what color is my theme



B：不，不，你的问题无法回答  no no you're asking questions that don't have answers that way



我已经告诉过你你现在的位置  I've told you where you're at right now



这就是你现在的位置  that's where you're at right now



这就是你所需知道的  that's all you need to know



跟随你的激情，它会自动改变  follow your passion it will change automatically



你不必一定要把范围缩小到“我现在是什么颜色，我现在是什么颜色，我现在是什么颜色”  you don't have to necessarily narrow it down to what color am I now, what color am I now, what color am I now



你这样专注它只会减慢这个过程  you're only gonna slow down the process by focusing on it that way



只是做你自己，跟随你的激情，尽你最大的努力  just be yourself follow your passion do the best you can



这就是你所要做的，你会好起来的  that's all you need to do, you'll be fine

懂了吧  yes?



Q：我不是...  I wasn't...



B：这就够了  that will do



Q：够了  that will do



谢谢  thank you