巴夏：发现你已经是了
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2021-12-17 22:11



译者：Daniela



问：Good evening.

晚上好。



巴夏：And to you,good day.

你也是。



问：I would likeyou to interpret a dream for me, if you will?

我希望你为我解梦 可以吗？



巴夏：Maybe. Maybeyou can too.

可能，可能你也可以解梦。



问：I had a seriesof three one-scene dreams. If time is short, I’ll just ask you the first one.

有三个梦，他们是相关的。如果时间不多，我就只问第一个。



巴夏：All right.

好的。



问：I dreamed thatI was in a relatively bare room. There was, like, linoleum or a marble floor orsomething. There was a very dark-skinned man sitting against the wall. He wasall huddled up, like he was in pain or fear or something.

我梦见我在一个比较空旷的房间里。那里地上铺着像油毡或大理石地板之类的东西。靠墙坐着一个黑皮肤的男人。他整个人都缩成一团，就像在痛苦或恐惧中一样。



巴夏：All right.

好的。



问：And in mydream I walked over to him, and I placed my hands on the side his head…

在梦中，我走到他身边，把手放在他的头上。



巴夏：Yes.

好的。



问： … and someonesaid something to him through me.

有个人通过我对他说一些事情。



巴夏：And?

然后呢？



问：Then the scenehoned in on me, and I had a shirt on with a white collar. And on the collarwere the letters “c-u-e-o” and then a space and then the letter “u.” Do youhave any idea what those letters meant?

然后场景转向了我，我穿着一件白领衬衫。衣领上是字母“c-u-e-o”，然后是一个空格，然后是字母“u”。你知道这些字母是什么意思吗？



巴夏：They areaspects, pieces of the vibration. Continue for a moment.   

它们是一些面向，是振动的碎片。等一会。



问：Well, that wasthe end of that dream.

那个梦就结束了



巴夏：What did yousay to the individual?

你对那个人说了什么？



问：I don’t know.He was like a… my dreams, when I have them, when I remember them, they’re alltelepathic. There never seems to be words.

我不知道。他就像一个……我的想象，当我梦到它们时，当我想起它们时，它们都是心灵感应似得的。似乎从来没有文字。



巴夏：One moment....some of this, to some degree, on one level, is a Lemurian connection to aspectsof yourself. Some of it is a connection to other cultures as well. But mostlythis is a connection... one moment…what do you do?

等一下.... 在某种程度上，在某种程度上，这其中的一些是与你自己在亚特兰蒂斯时期姆大陆上的某些个面向的联系。其中一些是你与其他文化的联系。但大多数情况下，这是一种联系......等一下......你做什么？



问：I don’t work.

我没在工作。



巴夏：What do youdo?

你做什么？



问：Well, I read alot and study a lot and try very hard to grow. I read constantly, trying tounderstand the spiritual aspects of life.

嗯，我读了很多书，学习了很多，非常努力地成长。我不断阅读，试图了解生活中的精神层面。



巴夏：Where do youthink that is heading? Where will it take you?

你认为这样做将会如何发展？它会带你去哪里？



问：I don’t know.I hope, to a closeness to God -- to an understanding of that.

我不知道。我希望，能接近上帝-能理解上帝。



巴夏：Do you allunderstand that you are made of God?

你完全理解你们是由神造的吗？



问：Yes.  

是。



巴夏：Do youunderstand that everything, therefore, that you do, in a sense is an act ofGod?

你是否明白，你所做的一切，在某种意义上都是上帝的行为。



问：Yes.

是。



巴夏：How muchcloser can you get?

你（觉得你和上帝）到了一个什么样的接近程度呢？



问：Well, I stillfeel that there’s almost like a veil between us and our understanding of whatGod is. The veil I think is becoming thinner and thinner.

嗯，我仍然觉得我和完全理解上帝之间有一层薄纱。但我觉得面纱越来越薄了。



巴夏：Yes, in asense.

是的 在某种意义上是的。



问：Q:  Yes.

是的。


巴夏：But that veil is only a definition ofone reality, to another thing you think is another level of reality. It is onlythe definition of your dimension as you have defined it. One moment.

但那面纱只是对一个现实的解释，另一个方面来说，你认为是另一个层次的现实。它只是你对维度的定义。等一会。



Have you allowed yourself to get in touch with thepolarities within you as well? Have you examined the idea of not only thepositive but the negative ideas within you? 

你是否也允许自己接触到你内在的两极？你有没有检查过你内心的积极和消极想法？



问：Within me asan individual?

在我个人身上吗？



巴夏：Yes.

是的。



问：Yes.

有。



巴夏：All right. Howdo you feel about the ideas of negativity?

好的。你对消极想法有什么看法呢？



问：I am clearingout most of the negatives in my life. I am digging them up, understanding them,looking at them, and learning from them.

我正在清除我生活中的大部分负面东西。我挖掘出它们，理解它们，看着它们，并向它们学习。



巴夏：All right.Then you are transforming them into positive energy.

好的。然后你将它们转化为正能量。



问：Right.

是的。



巴夏：All right,very good. Do you understand that negative has no more power than anythingelse? That everything is equal?

好的，很好。你明白消极的力量并没有比其他东西（比如积极能量）更有力量吗？一切都是平等的？



问：Yes.

是的。



巴夏：And that thesethings are just choices?

这些东西都只是选择而已？



问：Yes.

是的。



巴夏：All right. Onemoment. Is there any particular place upon your planet, physically, that youwould rather be than where you are?

好的。等一会。在你的星滚珠上，比起你现在居住的地方，有没有什么地方是你更想去的？



问：Yes. Someplacethat’s very quiet.

有 一个特别安静的地方。



巴夏：Which is?

哪里？



问：Oh, maybe themountains.   

可能是山上。



巴夏：Any particulararea?

有哪个特别的区域吗？



问：Yes, MountShasta, maybe.  

是的 可能是雪士达山（美国加州的一座山）。



巴夏：Mount Shasta,maybe.

可能是雪士达山？



问：Mount Shasta!

雪士达山！



巴夏：All right.You’re sure now?

好的 你现在确定吗？



问：Yes.

是的。



巴夏：Oh, all right.What will you do when you go there? And when will you go?

哦，好的。当你去那里时你会做什么？你什么时候去？



问：I think we’reon a long guessing game here.

我认为我们在这里进行了一个很长的猜谜游戏。



巴夏：Yes and no. The idea simply is that, as weperceive your energy, there are, in your terms, many gaps in our ability toaccess certain information. Therefore, we are guiding you around, steering youaround, to see what other information is released in this process. Becausethere is something that, in that sense, is preventing us from giving you adirect answer; and usually that has to do with a process that you are stillunfolding.  

是的，但也不完全是。是这样的，当我们感知你的能量时，用你的话来说，我们获取的某些信息存在中断。因此，我们在指导你，引导你，让你看到在此过程中还带来了哪些其他信息。因为从某个意义上说，某些事情阻止我们给你一个直接的答案；通常这与你仍在进行的过程有关。



Therefore, we do not have access to something that willinterrupt your flow. So we are discovering certain aspects, certain parameters,certain definitions about you, so that we can see how this flow ties into thequestion you have asked.

因此，我们无法获取到会中断你现在进程的有关信息。因此，我们和你讨论关于你的某些面向、某些因素、某些定义，以便我们可以看到你现在的进程如何与你提出的问题联系起来。



问：Well, I thinkthat if I had the time to really spend by myself on Mount Shasta...  

嗯，我在想是否我真的曾经在雪士达山上生活过。



巴夏：Yes?  

可能是？



问：… I wouldspend that time trying to…

我会花时间尝试。



巴夏：Not trying.  

不要去尝试做事。



问：Okay. I wouldspend that time discovering my relationship to God.

好的。我会花时间去发现我与上帝的关系。



巴夏：All right. Howabout your relationship as God? Ordoes that sound off-kilter to you? And if so, why?

好的。你与上帝的关系如何？或者这个说法对你来说听起来不太舒服？如果是这样，为什么？



问：I believe thatwe are all a part of God.

我相信我们都是上帝的一部分。



巴夏：Yes. Butremember that every part contains the whole.

是的。但请记住，每个部分都包含整体。



问：Well, it’slike the ocean consists of many drops of water, but the drop of water is notthe ocean.

嗯，就像海洋由许多水滴组成，但水滴不是海洋。



巴夏：Oh, yes it is.

是的 就是这样。



问：Well, it hasall the properties of the ocean.

嗯，水滴具有海洋的所有信息。



巴夏：What’s thedifference?

有什么区别？



问：Quantity.

数量。



巴夏：That’s adefinition.

这只是一个定义。



问：Oh, maybe.

可能是。



巴夏：Let’s put itanother way. Another analogy that we have used is to think of a grid, spreadout long and flat -- lines this way, lines that way (crisscrossing) stretchingto infinity. All right?

换个说法吧。我们使用的另一个比喻是这样的：考虑一个长而平的网格-这样的线，这样的线（交叉）延伸到无穷大。好的？



问：Okay.

好。



巴夏：Take what youcall a shiny ball bearing -- reflective surface. Put it anywhere on the grid.All right?

用一个光滑能够反射的滚珠。把它放在网格上的任何地方。



问：Okay.

好。



巴夏：The reflectionof the entire grid is in that ball bearing -- the entire grid. All theinformation -- any information -- you could discover anywhere on that grid, youcan discover all in that one spot on the surface of the ball bearing.Understand?

整个网格反射在那个滚珠上-整个网格。所有信息-任何信息-你可以在那个网格上的任何地方发现的信息都可以在滚珠表面上找到。理解？



问：Yes.

是的。



巴夏：Everything youcall physical reality is only the product of the information that it is, thedefinition that it is. One drop is the whole ocean. Whether that makes sense inyour physiological reality or not, one drop contains the entire idea of theinformation of the ocean, the whole ocean. And it is only a matter of yourdefinitional degree that makes it seem to be different.

你们称之为物理现实的一切只是那个网格的信息，对它所是的理解。一滴水也反映整个海洋。无论这个解释在你们的物理现实中是否有意义，一滴水里都包含了海洋、整个海洋的全部信息。这只是你们理解程度的问题，使它看起来有所不同。



问：Well now, ifyou’re turning that around to us all being God…

好吧，如果你把这个说法转变成我们都是上帝…



巴夏：Yes.

是的。



问：I think thepotential for us to all be God is there, but I think we have to clear a lot ofnegatives. And I think there’s a great deal of growth that we have as individuals…

我认为我们都有上帝的潜力，但我认为我们必须清除很多负面信息。而且我认为我们作为个人有很大的成长......



巴夏：Oh, I’m notsaying that’s not the case.

哦，我不是说不是这样。



问：No.

是这样。



巴夏：But it is morethan a potential.

但这不仅仅是一种潜力。



问：Okay. What Iwould do on Mount Shasta would be to discover the potential in full.

好的。我在雪士达山要做的就是充分发掘潜力。



巴夏：All right. Butit isn’t a potential. It is what you are.

好的。但这不是潜力。这就是你。



问：I understandthe terminology you are using; I know the way you mean it.

我了解你使用的这个词的含义；我知道你的意思。



巴夏：But all we aresuggesting is that what may give you a more accelerated ability to get in touchwith what it is you say you want to get in touch with will be to understandthat that’s what you already are. Andall that you’re doing is discovering that.

但我们建议的是，可以让你更快的与你想要接触的事物取得联系的办法是：了解你已经是什么。而你所做的就是发现这一点。



问：Well, what lam is that -- in the raw. I’d like to polish it.

嗯，我觉得我-最本质的我。我想打磨一下。



巴夏：All right, tosome degree, that is so. Polish away. But the idea is that when you do polishit, you will be that shiny ball bearing that reflects everything.

好吧，在某种程度上，确实如此。打磨。但有一个建议是，当你确确实实的对其进行打磨时，你将成为反映一切的闪亮滚珠。



问：Oh, I believethat’s true of all, of everyone.

哦，我相信对所有人来说都是如此。



巴夏：Yes. Now thataspect of the dream, to some degree, is representative of that. You arespeaking to yourself in the dream. That individual that you took in your handsand spoke to, to some degree is a portion of your consciousness – a portionthat contains a certain definition, a certain definition that makes you stillseem to be within a universe, rather than recognizing yourself as the universes.

是的。现在关于梦的含义，在某种程度上，反映了这一点。在梦中你自己和自己说话。在梦中你与之交谈的那个人，在某种程度上是你意识的一部分-这个部分包含某个定义，某个定义让你似乎仍然认为自己是在宇宙中，而不是承认自己就是宇宙。



This is the whole symbolic idea of the transformationalage on your plane, completely. Any acceleration that you do will be the processof discovering that you actually are the dimension that you previously thoughtyou existed in -- as a part of.

这完全是你们转型时代的一个象征性想法。你所做的任何加速行为其实都是发现你实际上是你之前认为自己存在的那个维度的过程-作为其中的一部分。



That is the whole idea of growth and expansion -- to actuallyrecognize that you are the dimension you previously thought you were only apart of. But in whatever way, shape or form it serves you to do this, have awonderful time.

这就是成长和扩张的全部意义-真正认识到你是你以前认为你只是其中一部分的维度。但无论以何种方式，形状或形式，它都能为你提供帮助，祝你度过愉快的时光。



We would simply suggest that if you do have a propensityto go to a certain place, that if a certain place does attract you, we suggestthat you do, in fact, go. Because that will be the magnetic field that will bemost aligning to you, to accelerate you in the ways you desire to beaccelerated.  All right?

我们只是建议，如果你确实有去某个地方的倾向，如果某个地方确实吸引了你，我们建议你真的去。因为那将是最适合你的磁场，以你想要加速的方式加速你。好吗？



问：Thank you verymuch.

非常感谢。



巴夏：Thank you verymuch, for your expression and for allowing us to see the aspect of the Infiniteyou choose to be. Sharing!

非常感谢你的表达，让我们看到你选择成为的无限的一个面向。分享！