巴夏：你的使命
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2021-12-21 21:27


译者：Daniela



问：Could you tell me if I have a mission?

我是否有什么特定的使命？



巴夏：Your mission?  You all have one.  The fundamental purpose of each and every one of your lives is to completely be who you chose to be, completely.  Which means, start acting like it.  Many of you can create any type of goal, any type of mission, any type of purpose within your life, but the fundamental reason that your life exists at all is to simply be this particular you, right now; because you will never be this you again, ever.  So, fully being the you you chose to be is the basic purpose to your life, the basic mission.  

你的使命？你们每个人都有自己的使命。你们每一个人生活的根本目的是完全成为你们选择成为的那种人，完完全全的。这意味着，开始像他（你选择成为的那种人）一样行动。虽然你们中的很多人可以在生活中创造不同类型的目标、使命、目的，但你们的生活存在的根本目的是仅仅成为这个特定的你，就是现在。因为你将永远不会再成为这个你，永远。所以，完全成为你选择的那个你，是你生命的根本目的，是最本质的使命。



You are one of the facets of the multi-dimensional crystal of All That Is.  By fully being your facet, which means being true to you, and acting upon it, then you will form a full and complete reflection to everyone else, as to what facet you happen to be; so everyone else knows where they stand relative to you.  When you fill yourself to the edges of your facet, when everyone else decides to fill themselves to the edges of their facet, then all your facets touch, and you become the one crystal.  You follow me?

你是本源这个多维水晶体的一个切面。完完全全展现你的这个切面，意味着忠于你自己的内心，并据此行事，那么你将和其他人形成一个充分和全面的反射，展现你现在这个切面，从而使得其他人明白他们（所在的切面）和你（这个切面）之间的关联。当你充分展示自己的切面，当其他人也充分展示自己的切面时，你们所有的切面会互相接触，你们就会形成一个完整的水晶体。你听懂了吗？



So, your “mission,” should you decide to accept it... (much audience laughter) ...it is not so “impossible” you know...  (more laughter) ...is to do what excites you.  Excitement is the physical translation of the vibration that represents the path you chose to be.  It is your barometer, follow it.  You get excited for a reason, excitement is a harmonic resonance that lets you know you are aligned with your mission.  Follow it, trust that if you act upon your intuition, your instinct and your imagination and your excitement, you will always automatically, synchronistically, be supported.

所以，你的"使命"，如果你决定接受它......这并不是那么"不可能"，你知道.......就是做让你兴奋的事。兴奋代表你选择的那条道路引起了你的共鸣。它是你的晴雨表，跟随它。（一件事情让）你感到兴奋是有原因的，兴奋是一种和谐的共鸣，让你知道你与你的使命一致。跟随它，你要相信：如果你根据你的直觉、你的本能、你的想象力和你的兴奋采取行动，你将总是自动、同步地得到支持。



Every idea comes complete, with all the ingredients necessary for the manifestation and the continuance of that idea.  The universe does not do pointless things.  Therefore, any idea you are willing to be, that is the idea your reality reflects one hundred percent, always.  So, if you find that your reality, as it is, is not what you prefer it to be, then redefine the idea that you are, start living like that is the way your reality is.  Take it for granted that you can trust that if you start acting like the reality, acting like the vibration you think is true for you, the physical universe has no choice but to reflect that physical reality to you.  It reflects whatever you believe your physical reality is capable of being, and exactly to that level.  All right?  How’s that for a mission?

每个想法都是完整的，都有体现和延续该想法的所有必要成分。宇宙不会做无意义的事情。因此，你愿意实现的任何想法，就是能够百分之百反映你现实生活的想法，永远如此。所以，如果你知道你的现实，就是现在这样而不是想你所希望的那样，那么就重新定义你的想法，让你的想法符合你的现实生活。当然，你可以相信，如果你开始遵循现实行事，像你认为对你来说是真实的共鸣一样行事，物理宇宙只能向你反映那个物理现实。它反映的是你认为你的物理现实能够成为的所有东西，而且正好达到那个水平。这个使命怎么样？



问：(Laughter) All right, thank you.

好的，谢谢！



巴夏：Thank you.

谢谢！