巴夏：接受自己活在当下
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-02-05 21:42




译者：Daniela

 

问：Myneeds are tearing me apart against my preferences.There are physical needs todo things... I tend to run ahead, run away from those things.I understand whatyou're saying, as in the action of go ahead and do the exciting things and feelthe ecstasy, etc..
But myneeds -- I feel grounded, I feel…
我的需求违背我的内心，这种情况正在将我撕裂开。我有物理身体上的需求...我试图跑开，逃离这些事情。我理解你的说的内容，比如去做那些令我兴奋的事情，投入在行动中，等等。
但是我的需求-- 我感觉触底，我感觉...

巴夏：Whydo you think they are needs?
为什么你认为这些事是必须的？

问：Well,I tend to try to ignore them.That's why...
好吧，我倾向于尝试忽略它们。这就是为什么...

巴夏：Tend to try?Does that mean tryto try?
倾向于尝试？这是否意味着要努力尝试？

问：I tryto try to ignore them.
我试着尽量忽略他们。

巴夏：Whosays you have to ignore anything?Ignoring things is what allows them to becomeoverwhelming.
谁说你必须无视事情？忽视事情才会让它们变得不堪重负。

问：Okay.Letme describe, in a way... like, I don't really want to work to make a living --to be in a physical body, to be in physical time…
好的。让我解释一下，在某种程度上......比如，我并不真的想工作谋生-作为一个肉体形式，在物理的时间里......。

巴夏：Now,one moment.You are a physical body in physical time, so you can allow one thingto be obvious, if you are where you are, you obviously chose to doso.Therefore, first of all and fundamentally, allow yourself to recognize, aslong as you remain physical, you obviously still think there is a reason forit.The second, the microsecond, you truly no longer believe you have a purposein being physical, you won't be.So as long as you continue to remain so, takeit for granted that you think you need to be so for some reason.
现在，就在这一刻，你的确是物理时间中的一个物理存在，所以有一件事是非常显然的，如果你在你当前这种情况中，显然是你自己选择了这种情况。因此，首先，从根本上说，允许你自己认识到，只要你仍然是肉体形式，这一定是有某种意义的。第二，即使是有那么一瞬间，你真的不再相信物理身体对你是有意义的，那么你就不会有这个物理身体了。所以，只要你继续保持这样，就要知道，你作为物理存在一定是有某种原因的。

问：Well...okay, thank you for that.The feeling I get… I feel as though the awareness thatwhen I'm here in the physical body, this one here... I feel in pain.I feel likeI'm more of an energy unit or something -- more of a -- just another space; Ifeel I am another space.
嗯......好的，谢谢你的提醒。我感觉是......我觉得好像意识到，当我在这里的肉体中，这里的这个人......。我觉得很痛苦。我觉得我更像是一个能量单位或什么-更像是-在另一个空间，我觉得我在另一个空间。

巴夏：Youare your own space and your own time.
你在你自己的空间和自己的时间中。

问：Itdoesn't fit... okay.It doesn't fit here... I don 't feel like I fit, and Irealize...
它不适合......好吧。它不适合这里... 我觉得我不适合，我意识到...

巴夏：We understandwhat you are saying; but again, by definition, if you truly didn't fit, youwouldn't be here.So take it for granted that you obviously do fit, otherwiseyou would be somewhere else.
我们理解你的意思，但同样，根据定义，如果你真的不适合，你就不会在这里。所以，这里一定是适合你的，要不然你就会在其他地方了。

问：Yeah.Okay.Iappreciate that, and…
是的。好的，我很感激...

巴夏：Theidea of fitting, however, doesn't have to mean conforming.
然而，适合不一定意味着顺从。

问：Oh,yeah.I acknowledge that.I feel as though I'm attenuating -- to end on abrighter note --I feel like as though I'm attenuating, like something... likeyou say, accelerating.
哦，是的。我承认这一点。我觉得好像我在减弱-以一个更加光明的方式-我觉得我好像在减弱，就像一些......像你说的，在加速。

巴夏：Yes.
是的。

问：l’mgetting toward the last little upward spiral -- the little thing -- before I'mno longer involved in that dichotomy of myself.
我正朝着最后一个小的螺旋式上升的方向发展-还差一点点-在我不再感到撕裂之前。

巴夏：Allright.But do recognize that the paradox of the situation is, in order toexperience what you are talking about, the first thing you need to do is becomefully involved where you are, in the moment.By being in the now moment, whereyou are, is when you connect to all that you possibly can become -- and thenbecome it.
好的。但要认识到，情况的矛盾在于，为了体验你所说的东西，你需要做的最重要的事情是完全参与到当下。通过活在当下，你能够链接到你可能成为所有东西-然后成为它。

问：I'llimprove on that.
我将在此基础上得到进步。

巴夏：Youwill simply be different.
你只是会有所不同。

问：Thankyou.One moment…
谢谢你。等一下……

I had arealization about that concept of the idea of complete willingness to be anearth person.
我对“完全自愿做一个地球人”的概念有了认识。

巴夏：Yes.
是的。

问：Andmany of us, I know -- that down through the years -- have been unwilling… havean awareness of past and future, other planets, other civilizations…
我们中的许多人，我知道-多年来-一直不愿意（做地球人）...（他们）对过去和未来、其他星球、其他文明更感兴趣...

巴夏：Yes,yes, yes.
是的。

问：…andhaving the unwillingness to be -- and since we are here, we very much areearthmen…
既然我们在这里，我们是真真切切的地球男人（earthman直译为男人 ）

巴夏：(In afemale voice: and women.Much laughter.)
(用女声说：和女人。笑~~~)

问：That'swhy l said earth person the first time.And it's a complete willingness tocontact the moment.And this is something I'm working on.
地球人，这是一个完全自愿的事情。而这是我正在努力的事情。

巴夏：Yes!Forthis is just as valid as anywhere else you have ever been, or could ever be.
是的！因为这和你曾经去过的或可能去过的其他地方一样有效。

问：Exactly.
就是这样。

巴夏：If it isn't, then you invalidate everythingelse you have ever done as well, for they are all here now.Thank you!
如果不是这样，那么你所做的其他一切也就无效了，因为它们现在都在这里。谢谢你!

问：Thank you.
谢谢。
