巴夏：每时每刻你都在创造奇迹
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-10-24 23:11




问：你好，老巴。

Hello, Bashar.



巴夏：你也日安。

Good day, good day to you.



问：嗨，我有一个关于奇迹的问题，

Hi, I had a question about miracles.



网站上有一句你的名言说：奇迹并非例外，

On the website, there's a quote from you that said miracles are not the exception to the rule,



它们是事物的自然规律。

They are the natural order of things.



你能给我们更多关于它的定义或理解吗？

Could you give more of a definition or understanding of that? please.



巴夏：在你们的社会里，人们通常把他们所谓的“奇迹”看作是不寻常的现象，

Well, the idea is that in your Society typically people look at what they call a miracle as being an unusual phenomenon,



某些意想不到的事情，不寻常的，罕见的。

Something unexpected, unusual, very rare.



它集合了某些想法、经历、影响、表象、对象等等，

And it is a coming together of certain ideas experiences, influences, appearances, objects, so on and so forth.



看起来不符合标准，看起来超出了你们认为平常的现实所能产生的东西。

that seem to be out of the norm, seem to be beyond what you consider your typical reality to be capable of producing.



但是，无论如何你每时每刻都在创造你的现实，

But the idea is that you're creating your reality every single moment anyway,



仅仅通过一直持续不断地进行物理现实的体验，你就一直在创造奇迹。

you are creating Miracles all the time, just by having a physical reality experience all the time constantly as a continuous experience.



所以容我们说，用来创造任何你的现实体验的机制，

So the idea is the same shall we say mechanism used to create any reality experience that you are having,



和跟你用来创造你们所说的奇迹的机制是一样的。

is the same mechanism used to create what you typically refer to as Miracles.



只是因为某种原因，在那一刻，同步性地，你的头脑和意识开放地意识到突出的相关体验，

It's just that for some reason at that moment synchronistically your mind and Consciousness is open to the fact that that is being created through alignment through synchronicity,



通过同步性，通过校准创造的奇迹体验。

as a relevant experience that stands out.



因为你给它注入了意义，

Because of the meaning you have infused in it,



它为你提供了某个特定方向的反射。

And the reflection it provides for you in a certain direction.



但如果你开始明白你一直都在这样做，

But if you start to understand that you're doing this all the time,



开始把每件事都看成是同步性的，

Start to see everything as synchronicity,



然后你会开始把物理现实看作是奇迹，正如它每时每刻其实都是奇迹。

Then you will start to see physical reality as miraculous as it actually is every single moment.



这有帮助吗？

Does that help?



问：嗯，谢谢！

Yes, thank you!



图片



为什么内疚和羞耻占了我们的社会这么大一部分？

Why is our society why is guilt and shame so much a part of our society?



巴夏：因为你创造了一种与一切万有断开的感觉和体验，

Because you have created a sense and an experience of disconnection from all that is,



你创造了一种与自我价值和自我赋权分离的感觉。

You have created a sense of disconnection from your self-worth and your self-empowerment.



因此伴随着这种断开的体验，

Therefore what comes with that experience of disconnection,



并不是说你真的断开了，

not that you're actually disconnected,



因为这不可能。

Because that's not possible.



但是断开的体验带来的是，伴随着不再属于，不再连接的想法，带来的是羞耻感，

But what comes with the experience of disconnection is the shame that goes with the idea of not belonging not being connected anymore,



认为自己低人一等，毫无价值，

Considering yourself to be less than and unworthy,



这只是那种消极状态所产生的副作用。

And that is simply the side effects that happen from that negative state of being.



明白了吗？

Does that make sense?



问：嗯嗯。

Yes, yes.