巴夏：停止抑郁的方法
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-11-06 22:34


译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年10月21日




问：这个人问我如何能停止痛苦？
Okay, and then, this person is asking another person is asking how do I stop suffering?

我从去年开始就一直在与抑郁症作斗争，
I've been dealing with depression since last year,

图片


我经历过高潮和低谷，
I've had highs and lows,

尽管我现在比一年前好多了，
And although, I'm way better today than it was a year ago,

但是痛苦存在并持续着。
The suffering exists and persists.

我怎样才能停止我的痛苦以及我给别人造成的痛苦？
How can I stop my suffering and the suffering I cause to others?

我在尽可能接近未来的自己，每天都在进步，
I'm being the closest possible to my future self and improving every day,

但我仍然在经历，这个人仍然在经历痛苦。
But I'm still experiencing, this person's still experiencing suffering.


巴夏：好，就像我们刚才说的，你需要真正地，诚实地检查你自己的信念系统，与你生活中的环境有关的信念，
All right, well, again, what we just said you need to really authentically honestly examine your belief systems about yourself relative to the circumstances in your life,

你需要让自己放下那些对你无用的信念，
And you need to allow yourself to let go of the beliefs that don't work for you,

你需要停止用消极的方式来定义事物。
And you need to stop defining things in a negative way.

就像我们已经谈过很多次了，
As we have talked about many times,

图片


抑郁是你从消极的角度定义“退缩回自我中心”的结果。
Depression is the result of defining a withdrawal into the center of your being in a negative light.

然而，你实际上经历的是压力，一种自然的收缩形式，去寻找你在外部世界找不到的答案，
Whereas what you're actually experiencing is compression, a natural form of withdrawal to go within to look for answers you cannot find in the outside world,

退回到自己身上去寻找答案并不一定要用消极的方式来定义，就好像你有什么问题一样，
that withdrawal into yourself to find those answers does not have to be defined in a negative way, as if something is wrong with you,

所以不要用消极的方式来定义这种感受。
So stop defining the experience in a negative way.

然后你就可以开始以一种更积极的方式体验它，作为一种自我评估，自我调整，自我觉察，
Then you can start experiencing it in a more positive way as self-assessment, self-realignment, self-awareness,

放下负面的定义和负面的信念，
Letting go of negative definitions and negative beliefs,


图片

这样你就可以成为一个全新的人，这是你现在放下那些对你无用的信念后摆脱它们的影响的结果。
So that you can emerge as a new person that is now the product of the freedom of letting go of those beliefs that don't work for you.

当你停止抗拒你的自然的自我时，你就会停止痛苦，
You will stop suffering, when you stop resisting your natural self,

所有的痛苦都是抗拒真实自我的结果，
All pain is the result of resistance to the true self,

所以不要抗拒做真实的自己。
So stop resisting being your true self.

找到你自己的价值，
Find yourself worthy,

找到你自己值得拥有，
Find yourself deserving,

你要像造物主一样（你本来就是）通过决定哪些定义和信念系统对你有效和无效来创造你的现实。
And act like the Creator you are in creating your Reality by determining what definitions and what belief system work for you and which ones don't.

End

