巴夏：内疚的机制
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-11-22 23:07

译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年11月18日




问：亲爱的老巴，下午好，
Dear Bashar, good afternoon.

我是来自英国的亚历山德拉。
This is Alexandra from the UK.

我的问题很简单，我在克服这种不值得感的挑战时遇到了困难，
And my question is simple I have a difficulty to get over the challenge of feeling unworthy,

内疚长久以来一直是我最好的朋友，
It is who is guilt, it has been the my best friends since a long time.

我看你有一段时间了，
So I know I've followed you a while,

我知道你会说，这些事情笼罩着我们，对我们有什么好处，
Now and I know that you say what do we benefit from having these things hanging over us,

我在自己身上找不到答案，
And I cannot find the answer in me,

所以我是在欺骗自己，还是这是一个盲点？
So am I lying to myself or is it a blind spot?

我觉得老巴很棒，也许他会知道的，谢谢你，再见！
And I thought Bashar is so wonderful, maybe he will know, thank you in advance, bye-bye!

巴夏：好吧，这个观点是，如果你不相信你能从中得到什么，你就不会坚持它，
Well, the idea again is that you don't hold on to anything that you don't believe you're getting something out of,

那么，你认为坚持内疚对你有什么好处呢？
So what benefits do you believe you're getting by holding on to guilt?

图片


内疚在某种意义上就像愤怒，当它处于自然的形态时，它只是存在于你内在的一种机制，让你知道什么时候你可能脱离了正直，什么时候与你真实的振动不一致了，
Guilt in a sense, like anger, when it's in its natural form is simply a mechanism that exists within you to let you know when you might be out of Integrity out of alignment with your true vibration,

这种认知足以让你之后决定：好吧，我要选择让自己回到正轨，回归一致，
That recognition is enough to allow you to then decide, all right, I'm going to choose to bring myself back into alignment,

我要改变我的行为，我的信念，我的行动，任何一切能让你回到正轨的东西。
I'm going to change my behaviors, my beliefs, my actions, whatever that will allow you to bring yourself back into alignment,

但是继续感到内疚或愤怒是继续自我批判了，
But the idea of continuing to feel guilt or anger is then the continuance into self-judgment,

发现自己不值得，没有价值，仅仅是因为你允许机制在你脱轨的时候通知你，
Finding yourself undeserving unworthy simply because you allowed the mechanism to inform you when you were out of alignment,

图片


现在因为你偏离了方向，你就在责备和自我批判中，而不是把你自己带回到正轨上。
And now you are in recrimination and self-judgment about having been out of alignment, instead of bringing yourself back into alignment.

所以那些把时间花在内疚中，沉湎于内疚中，沉湎于自怜的人是从中得到了一些东西，
So people that spend time in guilt wallowing in guilt, wallowing in self-pity are getting something out of it,

否则他们不会继续这样做。
Otherwise, they wouldn't continue to do so.

所以你可能害怕重新调整自己，因为这看起来比沉浸在内疚等熟悉的事情中更可怕，
So you may be afraid of realigning yourself, because that may seem scarier than simply wallowing in something so familiar as guilt,

这能让你得到关注，让你扮演受害者，
which gives you attention, and allows you to play the victim,

所以放下受害者心态和受害者情结，
So the idea is to let go of victimization and victimhood,

允许自己向前走，用内疚和愤怒作为一种机制来告诉你什么时候你偏离了方向，
And allow yourself to move forward using guilt and anger as a mechanism to simply inform you when you have been out of alignment,

然后能够也有意愿让自己回到一致的状态，
And then have the ability to bring yourself and the willing to bring yourself back into alignment,

以积极的方式使用内疚，以积极的方式使用愤怒，而不是继续沉浸在其中，
And use guilt in a positive way and anger in a positive way, rather than simply continuing to wallow in it,

因为你不敢前进。
Because you're afraid to move forward.


图片
End