巴夏：反射
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-11-24 22:59



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2023年11月18日




好的，日安！
All right, good day!

这次传讯的标题是《反射》，
This transmission is titled "Reflections",

我们最近意识到，当我们谈论每个人都是其他人的反射这个概念时，
We have realized of late that many people on your planet, when we talk about the concept that everyone is a reflection for everyone else,

你们星球上许多人对这个概念有误解。
have a misunderstanding of this concept.

因为你们星球上许多人都认为，当他们吸引某人进入他们的生活中，那个人带来的问题是吸引他们的人自己的问题的一对一直接的反映，
For many people on your planet have thought that when they attract someone into their lives that the issues that that person brings with them is a one-to-one direct reflection of the issues in the person who has attracted them,

但事实未必如此。
And this is not necessarily the case.

当我们谈到每个人都是其他人的反射这个概念时，
When we talk about the idea that everyone is a reflection for everyone else,

图片

理解某人是你的反射这个概念有很多方式，
There are many ways in which to understand the concept of someone being a reflection for you,

因为你可以问反射什么，
Because you can ask a reflection of what,

反射并不意味着像镜子一样，你能从镜子上看到你所包含的东西。
Reflection doesn't mean like a mirror that you're seeing exactly in them what you contain.

这总是一个明智的决定看看别人给你的生活带来了什么，
Now it's always a wise decision to look at what people bring into your life,

你吸引了什么样的人和情境进入你的生活中，
what you have attracted both in people and in circumstances into your life,

然后在你所吸引的这个场景中，查明是否有一些建议或信息可以应用到你身上，
And to determine whether or not there is some advice or information that you can apply to yourself in this scenario that you've attracted,

这会帮助你，提高自己，完善自己，改变自己。
that would help you improve yourself, better yourself, transform yourself.

这总是明智的保持足够的谦虚，知道在你所吸引的事物中可能有一些信息可以帮助你改变，让你更完整，更充分地表现你的真我，
It is always wise to be humble enough to know that there may be information for you in what you have attracted that can help you change in a way that will allow you to be more complete more fully representative of your true self,

图片


与此同时，如果你能通过诚实的自我调查查明你生活中所吸引的情境或人似乎有某些基于恐惧或负面的问题，或者看起来不一定与你有直接关系的事情，
At the same time, if you can determine with honest self-investigation that the situation or person you have attracted in your life that seems to have certain kinds of fear-based or negative issues or things that don't necessarily seem to be relevant for you immediately,

仍然可以反映出你愿意为他们提供服务和帮助，通过帮助别人了解可能有他们没有考虑到的另一种方式、另一条道路、另一种方法或其它信息，
can still be a reflection of your willingness to be of service and assistance to someone else by helping them understand that there may be another way another path and alternative method or other information they have not considered,

这可以帮助他们在生活中做出必要的改变。
that can help them make the changes they need to make in their lives.

所以要明白当我们讲到每个人都是其他人的反射，
So the idea is to understand that when we talk about everyone being a reflection for everyone else,

我们并不是说他们有的就是你有的，
We don't mean that what they have is necessarily what you have,

一个反射仍然可以表明你愿意以某种方式提供帮助，作为一个向导，提供他们可能没有考虑到的另类的想法，有用的想法和工具，
A reflection can still be indicative of your willingness to be of assistance to be a guide to be of help in some way shape or form to provide alternative ideas, helpful ideas, tools that they may not have considered,

来帮助他们改变，让他们能够带来更多真实的自己，并与他们的高我保持一致。
to help them change in the ways that will allow them to bring through more of who they truly are, and to align with their higher minds.

图片


所以请理解，反射的概念是多维的，你必须进行诚实的自我调查，才能判断进入你生活的人是否真的反映了你需要知道的事情，
So please understand that the idea of reflection is multi-dimensional, and you have to have the honest self-investigation to be able to tell whether or not the people that come into your lives are actually reflective of something you need to know,

还是这只是反映了你愿意以某种形式为他们服务。
or whether it is simply reflective of your willingness to be of service to them in some way shape or form.

我们感谢你们允许我们澄清这一概念，每个人都是他人的反射是什么意思，
So we thank you for allowing us to clarify this idea of what it means for everyone to be a reflection of everyone else,

请问我们怎样能继续为你们服务，
And we ask you now in what way may we we continue to be of service to you,

请开始你们想要的提问和对话吧。
Please begin with your dialogues and your questions if you wish.


图片
End