巴夏：成为多米诺
25.11.18
成为多米诺骨牌效应。只需轻轻一拍，其余的都会到位。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2025年9月13日

巴夏：你们中的一些人可能还记得我们最近谈到的一段时间，我们称之为针眼。你们还记得吗？我们谈到了这个想法，即你们需要剥离那些不是你的东西，这样本质上是你的东西就好像它可以穿过针眼一样，让自己真正成为更好的自己。

Some of you may remember the period of time that we recently talked about that we called the eye of the needle.Do you remember that? And we talked about it as the idea that you needed to strip away what wasn't you so that what was essentially you was as if it could pass through the eye of the needle to allow yourself to be truly more of who you are.

但我们给它起这个名字还有另一个含义。这是因为当你们的社会正在接缝处分崩离析时。我们提供给你们的信息是缝衣针和线，你们可以使用它们将其缝合在一起。所以使用这些信息，以积极、建设性的方式将这些信息应用于你们的现实中。

But there's another meaning to why we named it that. And that is because as your society is now coming apart at the seams.The information we are providing to you is the needle and the thread that you can use to stitch it back together.So use this information, apply this information in your reality in a positive, constructive way.


它将把真正需要创建新系统的部分重新拼凑在一起，新的理解将使你们的社会和人类以积极的方式发展成为你们作为我们银河系大家庭成员的未来。你们现在是，也一直是。只是你们忘了。所以我们提醒你们你是谁，但现在是时候让你们更全面地记住你是谁了。


And it will stitch back together the pieces that truly need to be creating the new systems, the new understanding that will allow your society and humanity to evolve in a positive way into your future as members of our galactic family.Which you are and always have been.It's just that you forgot.So we remind you who you are, but it is time for you to remember, who you are more fully.

这不是归附。这并没有强迫任何人。你们必须相信，当你们适合分享信息时，同步性将提供一个明显的机会，帮助别人从不同的角度看待事物。但你们不需要强迫任何人。这里面没有渴求。每个人的道路都是独一无二的。每个人的道路都很重要。并非每个人都必须认同公开接触的理念。

This is not proselytizing. This is not forcing anything upon anyone. You must trust that synchronicity will provide an obvious opportunity when it is appropriate for you to share information that could help someone see things from a different perspective.But it is nothing that you need to force on anyone. There's no desperation in this.Everyone's path is unique. Everyone's path is important. And not everyone necessarily has to align with the idea of open contact.


我再次提醒大家，你是一个永久、不朽、永恒和无限的灵魂。如果他们这次没有懂得它，他们会在其他时候懂得它。不用着急。这里有充裕的时间。你们总是，总是，总是，总是有另一个机会，一直有，没有尽头，永远，永远，再永远。这是对创造的无条件支持和一切万有的一个方面。


Everyone again I remind you is an eternal, immortal, eternal and infinite soul.If they don't get it this time around, they will get it some other time. There is no rush.There is no hurry. You always, always, always, always have another chance, always, without end, forever, and ever, and ever.This is one of the aspects of the unconditional support of creation and all that is.

作为一个灵魂，你总是有另一个机会，用你的自由意志来决定你将体验什么，以及你将为灵魂的成长学到什么教训。所以，做一个多米诺骨牌，可以轻轻地翻倒下一个多米诺多米诺骨牌，一个接一个，并开始正面的、信息的、联系的、沟通的和交流的连锁反应。成为多米诺骨牌效应。只需轻轻一拍，其余的都会到位。你们明白吗？

You always have another chance with your free will as a soul to decide what it is you will experience and what lessons you will learn for your soul's growth.So, be the domino that can gently tip over the next domino and the next and the next and start a chain reaction of positivity, of information, of connection, communication, and communion.Be the domino effect. One little tap is all it can take, and the rest shall fall into place.Do you understand?

