巴夏：爱丽丝梦游仙境
2025.8.5

这一切都是关于找到描述你独特的人格，你独特存在的魔力和神奇。并在人生的道路上勇往直前，发现真正的自己。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2025年7月26日

问：然后这个问题不是不断尝试修复和治愈自己，以回应外部的反射，而是我们如何才能成为作者并有意识地以真正的自由创造我的现实。

And this question is rather than constantly trying to heal and fix myself in response to external reflections how can I step into authorship and consciously create my reality with true freedom. 

巴夏：好的，首先，再次记住。并非所有反射都是一一对应的。因此，无论你的生活中出现什么问题，并不意味着你也有同样的问题。你必须辨别关于为什么某件事存在于你的生活中，或者为什么某个人存在于你的生活中。

 All right well first of all again remember.All reflections are not necessarily one to one. So the idea of whatever comes into your life that has certain issues doesn't necessarily mean you have the same issues.You have to be discerning about why something is in your life or why someone is in your life.

我并不是说你应该避免去看他们是否有什么要向你反映的东西，你需要了解这些东西来提升自己。但这个想法可以是他们可能会在你身边来帮助他们，因为你可能拥有比他们更多的知识、更多的经验或更深刻的理解。

I'm not saying you should avoid looking at whether or not they have something to reflect to you that you need to understand to improve yourself. But the idea can be that they may be there for you to help them because you may have more knowledge or more experience or more understanding than they do.


也许他们来到你的生活中有他们的问题，因为也许你可以帮助他们解决问题。这并不意味着仅仅因为他们有这些问题，你也有这些问题。所以，注意你们的关系，理解每个人都是一种反射。这并不意味着他们完全反映了你。这意味着他们反映了你有时愿意帮助他们摆脱困境。这就是反射可能代表的含义。并不是说他们和你一样，也不是说你和他们一样。

And perhaps they've come to your life having their issues because maybe you can help them with their issues. It doesn't mean that just because they have those issues that you have them too.So watch the idea of your relationship to the understanding that everyone is a reflection.It doesn't mean they reflect you exactly.It means that they are reflecting your willingness sometimes to be of assistance to them to help them out. That's what the reflection may be. Not that they are like you or that you are like them.



问：好的，那么《爱丽丝梦游仙境》这个故事有什么意义呢？这是一位老师写的，他们觉得五年级的教室被仙境主题所吸引。

Okay and what is the significance of the story Alice in Wonderland? This is coming from a teacher and they're feeling drawn to a Wonderland theme for their fifth grade classroom.


巴夏：好，这其实就是重新定义你在正常社会中的地位，并通过为事物创造新的定义和新的视角，成为你独特的自我。这一切都是关于找到描述你独特的人格，你独特存在的魔力和神奇。并在人生的道路上勇往直前，发现真正的自己。

Well it all about redefining your position in a normal society and being your your unique self by creating new definitions and new perspectives for things. It's all about finding the magic and the wonder within yourself that describes your unique personality, your unique beingness.And going forward in life to discover who you truly are.



通过不断面对在你现实中出现的挑战，这些挑战可能看起来有些不寻常和出乎意料，但让你知道你始终会找到一条适合你的道路。即使在看似颠倒混乱的境地中，你总能找到一种适合你的方法。并且这关乎你的独特性，而非一定要适应社会对你的期望。

Through the challenges that pop up in your reality that may seem unusual and unexpected but letting you know you will always find a path that works for you. Even in the midst of things that seem upside down and topsy-turvy you can  always find a way that works for you. And it is about your uniqueness and not necessarily having to fit in to what society expects of you.

