巴夏：当你不在乎别人时反而会得到认可
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年04月28日 22:09 辽宁
前言

当你不在乎别人对你的看法时，别人反而会对你高度评价。

巴夏：你已经改变了自己，实际上你已经不是原来的那个人了。所以你不能把实际上的作为理由或借口。以前发生的事情的想法。如果你已经吸取了教训，并改变了自己，假设它必须再次发生，因为即使在某种意义上它似乎再次发生，如果你不再是同一个人，你就不会有同样的反应。这意味着它是否发生并不重要。这使你的状态成为无条件的，而不是基于别人的决定。你必须明白这一点。我知道这听起来像是一个悖论，因为事实确实如此。为了吸引你关心的人和关心你的人，必须吸引一个人，就好像他们是一个完全陌生的人，根本不认识你一样。因此，你不会在乎他们对你的看法。因为他们对你的看法并不重要，因为他们是一个完全陌生的人。如果有陌生人走到街上说，我拒绝你。你会远远地离开，你可能疯了，因为你根本不认识我。你明白吗？

Bashar:You've changed yourself and you are literally not the same person.

So you can't use really as a reason or an excuse.The idea of what happened before.If you've learned your lesson and change yourself to assume that it has to happen again, because even if, in a sense it appeared to happen again,if you're not the same person, you're not going to react the same way to it.Which means it doesn't matter whether it happens or not.This is making your state of being unconditional and not based on what someone else decides to do.You have to understand that.And I know this sounds like a paradox because it is.In order to attract someone that you care about and someone who cares for you have to attract someone as if they were a complete stranger and wouldn't know you at all.And therefore you wouldn't care what they thought about you.Because it wouldn't be relevant what they thought about you because they're a complete stranger.If some stranger came up on the street and says, I reject you.You would go well,You're just crazy because you don't even know me.You understand?

问：是的

Q：Yes

图片

巴夏：你不会再去想它，因为它不相关。这毫无意义。所以当你能达到同样的状态，就像你在听陌生人可能说的拒绝一样。而且，你知道，这无关紧要，因为它与你无关。这与他们有关。然后你可以敞开心扉，去吸引你需要的东西，因为你知道，从某种意义上说，他们选择做什么并不重要。这可能代表了他们的问题，因为无论别人做什么，你都清楚而坚定地知道自己喜欢成为什么样的人。因此，悖论是，当你不在乎别人对你的看法时，你会向进来的人敞开大门，他们实际上会高度评价你。

Bashar:you wouldn't give it a second thought because it wouldn't be relevant.It would make no sense.So when you can get to the same state as you would be in listening to what a stranger might say as a rejection.And, you know, it's irrelevant because it has nothing to do with you.It has to do with them.Then you can open yourself up to the idea of attracting what you need because you know, it doesn't really matter in a sense what they choose to do.That might be representative of their issue because you are clear and solid about the idea of who you prefer to be, regardless of what someone else might do.And therefore, the paradox is, is when you don't care what someone else might think of you open the door to the people coming in, who will actually think highly of you.











阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 