巴夏：真正的幸福和家庭幸福是矛盾的吗？
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年06月08日 18:13 辽宁
前言

“你必须做真实的自己。否则你所做的只是一遍又一遍地告诉自己你从父母那里学到的同样的东西”

                                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                          传讯时间：2024年5月25日
问：现在这个人的问题是真正的幸福和一个家庭的幸福矛盾吗？
Now this person's question is true happiness and a family happiness contradictory？
巴夏：不。
No.
问：这个人说她来自中国，最近她的母亲把她介绍给一个男孩，并要求她和他约会但她并不真的喜欢这个男孩，她觉得自己是双性恋，倾向于女孩。但她也认为自己永远找不到爱。每次她爱上一个人，她都会感到羞愧。她潜意识里的一个声音告诉她，她会不喜欢真实的我，她身上的许多缺陷都会被不喜欢。她想听听你对此的回答。
This individual says they're from China and recently their mother introduced her to a boy and asked her to date him.but she didn't really like the boy and she feels she is bisexual who leans towards girls.but she also thinks that she can never find love. Every time she falls for someone she feels ashamed. A voice in her subconscious tells her that she will dislike the real me. and that many flaws that they have can be disliked. She would like to hear your answer to that.

图片


巴夏：你必须做真实的自己。否则你所做的只是一遍又一遍地告诉自己你从父母那里学到的同样的东西。因为你认为放手就是羞辱他们。真正尊重父母的唯一方法，无论他们是否理解这一点，就是做你真正的自己。

You have to be your true self. or you're doing is telling yourself the same things that you are picking up from your parents over and over and over again.because you think that to let that go would be to dishonor them. The only way to actually honor your parents whether they understand it or not is to be who you actually are.

因为你认为放手就是羞辱他们。真正尊重父母的唯一方法，无论他们是否理解这一点，就是做你真正的自己。因为你是谁，将创造出对你生活中吸引的人有益的局面和环境。然后他们会体验到与真实的你的关系，而不是与一个你不是的人的关系，这是一种欺骗他人的方式。

because who you are is going to be what creates situations and circumstances that will be of benefit to those you attract in your life.who then get to experience a relationship with the real you as opposed to experiencing a relationship with someone that you are not which is a way of deceiving other people.

所以如果你不想欺骗别人，你想吸引人们进入一段你是真实的你的关系，让他们知道自己在一段关系中是谁。那么重要的是，放下所有与你的真实身份无关的想法，这些想法只代表你父母和社会其他人的恐惧问题，而与真实的你无关。如果你真的愿意和某人建立真正的关系，你就必须做真实的自己。

So if you don't want to deceive other people and you want to attract people into a relationship where you are authentically you so that they know who they are in a relationship with.it is important to let go of all of the ideas that have nothing to do with who you really are but are only representative of the fear issues within your parents within others of your society that have nothing to do with the authentic you.If you are truly willing to be in a real relationship with someone you have to be your authentic self.

