ELAN：“为什么是我？”
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2018-05-30 18:27

（ELAN 是巴夏种族成员）

Q:我还有个问题  So I have one more question. .

好的，继续  Alright! Do proceed.

Q:为什么是我？  WHY ME?

为何不是？  Why not?

另一个回答  One other answer...

因为你没有别的办法  because you would have it no other way.

不过当你愿意相信这个  And simply when you are willing to trust that,

你就会让自己明白为什么  you will allow yourself to see why.

当你不让自己相信这一点时  When you do not allow yourself to trust that,

你就充当了你们社会中称为的“受害者”  you function as what you refer to in your society as "victim".

非常简单  Very simple.

你没有别的办法  You would have it no other way.

用这个基本的假设，重新解释你们的现实  With that basic assumption re-interpret your reality.

你们所有现实的结果真的都是  The results of all your realities are truly, truly

对你在每一个时刻你决定你是谁的回应  a response to decisions that you make about who you are in each and every moment.

这取决于你，只有你能明白当你包含这一切  It is up to you and only you to understand that when you contain it all,

你总是有余地选择其中任何一个  you always have the choice to choose any of it.

你所经历的一切，都必然是你所做的选择的结果  Anything that you are experiencing is automatically a result of the choices that you have made.

不一定你做出了有意识的选择“我会痛苦的”  Now not necessarily do you make the conscious choice "I will be miserable".

但你确实做出了选择“我没有成功”  But you do make the choice "I am not succeeding".

你确实做出了选择“我没有实现”  You do make the choice "I am not achieving".

你确实做出了选择“我没有能力”  You do make the choice "I do not have the ability".

这些都是选择，这个对你自己的解释就是一个选择  Those are choices that interpretation of yourself is a choice

我们分享这一点，因为明白所有这一切都是一个选择，意味着你有能力重新选择  and we share this because understanding all this as a choice implies the ability to choose anew.

如果你明白：“为什么是我？因为我别无他法”  If you understand "Why me? Because I would have it no other way."

你就开始选择证实你为什么显然没有其他的办法的解释  you begin to choose the interpretations that support why you obviously would have it no other way.

所有你现实的境遇，对你们所有人来说，都是在每时每刻决定你是谁的结果  ALL your physical circumstances, [for] all of you, are a result of deciding in each and every moment who you are,

相信这个决定，相信你是谁的解释  trusting in the decision in the interpretation of who you are,

然后表现得就像你相信这个决定  and then acting as though you trust the decision.

这好像是一种简单地方式概括创造你自己现实的方法  And as simple as this may seem as a way to sum up your methodology for creating your own reality,

总之，它仍然是准确的  it is nevertheless still accurate.

没有什么是发生在你身上  Nothing that is happening to you,

也不是从你身上发生  is not also happening from you.

一切的发生都来源于你  It is all happening FROM you.

你对事件的理解决定了你对整个事件的体验  Your interpretation of the events determine your experience of that totality,

决定了你透过什么来看你的现实  determine the filter through which you see your reality.

有意识地决定你是谁  Deciding who you are consciously,

而不是表面上让这一系列的境遇支配你决定你是谁  instead of seeming to allow a set of circumstances to dictate to you who you are,

这是你作为创造者天生的能力，你们所有人  is an inherent ability that you have as a creator, all of you.

在每个时刻，你总是可以选择决定你是谁，不管背道而驰的相反的证据  It is ALWAYS, in every given moment, an option to decide who you are despite what you would say contrary to evidence of the opposite.

只是提醒你自己，从没什么事情是发生在你身上  Simply remind yourself that nothing ever happens to you.

它都是由你发生  It happens from you.

只是提醒你自己，你的境遇是你是怎样的人的反映  Simply remind yourself that your circumstances are a REFLECTION of who you are,

而不是你是谁的定义  not the definition of who you are.