巴夏：为什么我们选择一遍遍来到地球？
2025.3.16
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee




问：

如果我们选择了来到地球这里，当时我们到底在想什么啊？
If we chose to be here, what the heck were we thinking?

巴夏：

你当时觉得‘哇这太让我兴奋了吧！”
You were thinking, how exciting.

问：

来地球这种充满挑战的生活是有点什么特色，显得好像是一个好主意？
Well, I mean, what were the attributes that made this challenging existence seem like a good idea?

巴夏：

我来打个粗略的比方。也许有些男性不太能理解，但我们马上会想到其他的女性可能会深有体会。
Let me give you a rough analogy. Perhaps not all the males will be able to relate to this, but we'll think of others in a minute. But the females, maybe will relate to this.

大家都知道，女性在生孩子的时候，有时会非常生理的痛苦。到那时，你也许会说“我再也不想受这种罪了”。一年之后，你可能会说“噢！我还想要个孩子！！”   你难道忘了当时生孩子有多难受了吗？
Many of you know that when females have babies, sometimes there's a lot of physical pain. And at a certain point, you may say, I'll never go through that again. A year later, oh, I want to have another child. Have you forgotten what it was like?

我猜大概忘了吧。你要回忆起：当你某种意义上进入灵域时，会像从梦中醒来一样。并且当你感觉到你的物质界现实是一场梦的时候，对一个灵魂很容易去说“诶！物质界的梦真好玩，让我们再来玩一次吧！反正也没什么大不了的！”
I guess so. You must remember that when you, in a sense, go into spirit, it's like waking up from a dream. And when it feels like your physical reality was a dream, it's not a big deal for a spirit to say, that was interesting, let's do that again.




因为从灵的视角来看，灵魂才是真正的你，而这里只不过是灵魂的一场梦。这只是场有趣的体验罢了。灵魂觉得没什么大不了的。
Because from the perspective of the spirit, that's who you actually are, and this was just a dream. It was just an interesting experience. It doesn't carry a lot more weight than that.

所以，关键在于，即使我们已经知道你今生要经历的一切，重要的是要明白，你的这一生的体验可以转变为更接近灵域的体验。并且在许多代人类的历程中，你们正在做这件事：你们正在将这个物质界现实的振动更加贴近你们真实天然自己的振动，从而把天堂带到人间。
So the idea really is that Even though we know what you experience in this life, the idea is to learn that this life can actually become more like the spirit experience. And over the course of many generations, that's what you're doing. It's creating this reality to be more like the vibration of your ture natural self and create heaven on earth.

因此你明白，为了在大地上创建出天然纯真的灵域振动而所做的一切，将意义非凡且富有影响力。

and therefore you understand that there is great impact in this, 



这一切蕴藏着深刻体验，

there is great experience in this,



这一切饱含着无限的爱，

 there is great love in this,



亦蕴含着强大的力量。
there is great strength in this.

记住，很多事情的发生都与你们在地球上的体验紧密相连：你们在经历的事不仅只局限于你们的星球，不仅仅只局限于你们创建的现实。正如我们常说的，宇宙中有许多文明也正在经历他们自己的转变。他们中的很多文明，并不像地球这般沉迷于探索黑暗和负极性而投入巨大的精力。
Remember that there are many things going on that connect to the experience you are all having on Earth, that are not just relegated to your planet alone, to your reality alone. As we have often talked about, there are many civilizations that are going through their own transitions. Many of them are not necessarily as strongly invested in the exploration of darkness and negativity as Earth has been.

但关键在于，如果你们人类都能够通过极端的黑暗经历来寻得光明，如果连你们能做到这一点，那么一切皆有可能了!!其他文明也能向你们学习，如果你们能做到的话，他们也能做到。因此，你们在穿越黑暗寻得光明的历程中是其他文明的伟大的导师。
But the point is, is that if your people can go through the idea of finding light through the experience of extreme dark, if you can do that, then anything is possible. And those other civilizations can learn from you that if you can do it, they can do it. And you are great teachers in that context.

请相信，当你们进入灵域时，当你们看到从黑暗中寻得光明给宇宙带来的影响时，以及在物质界从黑暗中寻得光明的这种体验所经历的一切是一种多么充满爱的行动时，你往往会从造物中萌生出慈悲和无条件的爱，并说：“我愿意。我愿意！我愿意..再经历一遍物质界！”
And believe me, when you are in spirit, and when you see what effect that has, and how loving an act it is for you to experience what you have experienced, you often simply come from the compassion and the unconditional love of creation in the saying, I will, I will I will do that again.

当然，这不总是你们一遍遍来这里的原因。有时候，蓝星上有多少人就有多少种理由来这里。尽管如此，刚刚我们提到的依然是最深刻的原因之一，一个非常有力量的原因。这正是你们很多人共同的选择来到这里的原因之一。
Now, that's not always the reason. There are sometimes as many reasons as there are individuals. Nevertheless, that's a profound one. It's a strong one. It's one that many of you have chosen.

记住，在选择人生之前，你们就已明白，你们的星球正处于一个将会迎来伟大变革的时代。

And remember, you all knew before you chose these lives, that this was going to be an age of great transformation on your planet. 



你们中的很多人都迫不及待，等都不想等的想要参与这场伟大转型的时代当中。
Many of you just couldn't resist going along for the ride.

你们说:

You say,



“我想要亲身经历这个时代”，

I want to be there right at that time.



“这真是太令人兴奋了”，

 That's so exciting. 



“真是有趣极了”，

It's so interesting.



“我知道过程可能会有些波折,但这激动人心的感觉和最终的结果，会让一切都非常非常值得”。

And I know it'll be a little bumpy. But the interest, the excitement the outcome will make it worthwhile.



你们都曾给自己许下承诺，即使你们的物质界心智并不总是回忆起。
And I know it'll be a little bumpy. But the interest, the excitement the outcome will make it worthwhile. You all gave yourselves that guarantee, even though your physical minds don't always remember.

所以现在开始的这些对话至关重要，并建立起你与高我心智建立联系，因为高我确实知晓这一切。一切进展顺利。看起来事与愿违的唯一原因是，因为物质界心智正在抗拒自身天然的状态。但如果抗拒越小，你们人生这段旅程的体验就越美妙。
This is why it's so important to form these dialogues now, and relationships with the higher mind, because the higher mind does know. That it's all working out. The only reason it seems not to be is, because the physical mind is offering resistance to its natural self. But the less resistance it offers, the more fun the ride will be.




