巴夏：不做自己，才是最大的风险
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-11-03 21:29


问：
Yesterday you were mentioning a lot about being in service to others. And this is my way of being in service.
昨天，你分享了很多关于“为他人服务”的信息，而这是我服务他人的方式

So I'm curious, is there anything I can know how to better serve my community?
所以，我很好奇，有什么方式，可以帮助我更好地服务我的（变/性人）社区

巴夏：
Understand that the events going on, reflect the idea that the spirit is everything and nothing
你需要明白，所发生的这些事情，反映了：（灵）性既是一切，也是空无

And can be anything.
它可以是任何东西

And it is a reminder to humanity, to connect more with spirit
这也是对人类的一个提醒，让他们多与（灵）性连接

And allow that spirit to inform the person as to what their journey is, no matter what.
并允许（灵）性告诉他们，他们的旅途是什么，不论那是什么样的旅途

Because again, this transformation is important to take place on your planet this time, to remind people that the spirit is everything and nothing
因为，我再说一次，现阶段，发生在你们星球上的这些转变，非常重要。为的是提醒你们，（灵）性，既是一切，也是空无

问：
Everything and and nothing.
既是一切，也是空无

巴夏：
It is no particular gender and thus can be any gender.
它没有特定的性别，因此，可以是任何性别

Because your spirit is your spirit, and it is all things.
因为，你的（灵）魂，就是你们的（灵）魂，它是一切事物

Just as All That Is all things.
就像，一切所是，就是一切的事物

So this is a way to allow those who harbor fears, who are afraid to look within, afraid to connect And afraid to be reminded consciously with source that is all things that they can be all things that they need to be.
所以，这是一种方式，让那些心怀恐惧的人，那些害怕往内看的人，害怕与源头（也就是一切）进行有意识连接的人，害怕被提醒的人，让他们明白，他们可以成为他们需要成为的一切

So you are demonstrating as a living example 
所以，你就是一个活生生的例子，向他们展示：

that humans are more than the boxes that you have put yourselves in for a long time
人类，用盒子（牢笼）禁锢自己已太久，并且，真正的你们，比这盒子大得多

That you are now expressing outside the box, outside the limitations of human mind, of physical mind
现在，你们跳出禁锢自己的盒子，跳出人类物理心智的限制，（勇敢地）表达真实的自己

That you are connecting more to the idea of the malleability and flexibility that is inherent in spirit
你们更加觉察到与（灵）性连接，意识也因此变得更加灵活、更具有可塑性

That you are all living a dream.
你们都活在梦里

And in that dream, anything is possible.
在这个梦中，一切皆有可能

And everyone in that dream can be in love.
梦中的每个人，都可以相亲相爱

问：
非常感谢您！

巴夏：
I had nothing to do with it. That's just the way it is.
这跟我又没啥关系，事实就是如此

问：
I feel it when I'm with my community, I feel like we're on this spiritual wavelength of just being so transcendent
当我和我的社区成员在一起的时候，我感觉，我们所在的（灵）性波长，是如此的……超然

巴夏：
And transformation.
也是超能“转变”

问：
Transformation, Yes
是的，有着极强的转变能力

So my whole life has changed since I've started to do these events and take these big risks.
自从我开始操办这些活动，并承担了巨大的风险，我的生活，发生了彻底的改变

巴夏：
承担啥？

问：
承担……

巴夏：
风险吗？

问：
选择！做出重大选择！

巴夏：
谢谢！

Because being yourself is the least risky thing you can do.
因为，做你自己，是你能做的风险最小的事

Trying to be something you're not is taking a risk.
试图成为一个“不是你”的人，才是冒险

问：
谢谢您！您说得太棒了！
