巴夏：你就是道路
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2023-08-27 20:25



问：
Can you elaborate on the idea that “we are not on the path,but we are the path?”
你能否详细说明一下“我们，并不是在路上，我们，就是道路”

巴夏：
This is simply another way of saying that everything is one thing.
这只不过是用另一种方式说：“万事万物，皆为一物”

And that even though you can create the illusion of a separation, everything that happens doesn't actually happen outside of you.
即使你能够创造分离的假象，但一切的发生，并非真的发生在你之外

There is no outside.
没有外在

Outside is an illusion.
外在，只是幻相

Physical reality is not really real.
物质世界，并不真实

The experience of it is
但物质世界的体验，却是真实的

But there is no actual physical reality outside of you.
在你之外，并不存在实体的物质世界

It's all going on within your own consciousness.
一切的发生，都发生在你意识之中

Therefore, it is simply more precise to say that
因此，更确切的说法

Instead of actually being on a path, which implies that the path is outside of you
不是：“你在道路上”，因为这有“道路在你之外”之意

You are the path.
而是：你，就是道路

So it is, in that sense, part of your own consciousness that you are experiencing
所以，从这个意义上讲，你所体验到的“道路”，是你自己的意识的一部分

But you have created it in a kind of segregation experience in order to have a symbolic interpretation of it, a symbolic experience of it, a symbolic reflection of it.
但是，你把自己与那份意识隔离开来，从而能够对它作出“象征性的诠释”，让你拥有“象征性体验”，产生“象征性的映射”。

But it's not really something you're walking on.
但那道路，并不是你所“走在上面的路”

It's something that you are.
而是：路，就是你

It is your theme of exploration.
它是你所探索的人生课题

It is who you chose to be, what personality structure you chose to experience yourself as in this particular life
是你在这特定的一生中，选择想要成为什么样的人，体验什么样的人格结构

That is a path.
而这，就是道路

The path is simply synonymous with experience of yourself.
这条道路，等同于“自我的体验”

That's why we say you are the path.
这也是为什么我们说：“你就是道路！”

It is not something you're actually on.
它并不真的是你所走的道路

It is simply your experience of yourself, through the auspices of a particular theme, a particular perspective, a particular point of view, you chose to experience yourself as
而是你对自我的体验。你通过选择某一特定的人生课题，特定的视角，特定的观点，而体验那样的自己

明白了吗？

问：
明白，非常感谢您！



相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar

或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar
