巴夏：一切都是你的决定
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2019-01-15




问：

Sometimes I feel like I cannot decide.

有时候，我感觉自己无法“做决定”



巴夏：

But you are deciding to have that experience of indecision, so you've made a decision.

但是，是你“决定”了要体验“无法做决定”，所以说，你已经做了“决定”。



You see? 

你看出来了没？



You can't get away from it. 

你无法不做决定（逃都逃不掉）



If you feel out of control, you're controlling that. If you feel indecisive, that's what you've decided to do.

你如果感觉“失控”，那其实是你在控制；如果你感觉“无法决定”，那也是你决定要这么做



You're always decisive. 

你一直都在“做决定”



You're always in control. 

你一直都在“控制”着



You're always confident. 

你一直都是“自信”的



You're always trusting.

你一直都在“相信”着



It's about what you're putting your confidence and your trust in and what kind of decisions you're deciding to make.

关键在于“你的自信在哪？”、“你相信什么？”，以及“你决定要做什么样的决定”



That's the only thing that creates an experience that you're having that makes it seem to be the opposite of what you prefer, 

你正是运用了这样的“创造机制”，创造出了“看似与你的喜好相反的体验”



when in fact, you're using exactly the mechanism to create something that makes it appear like you're not using the mechanism.

并且，事实上，你也运用了同样的“创造机制”，创造出“看似你没有使用这个创造机制”的表象



That's how you trick yourselves into thinking that you can't do it

你就是这么“欺骗自己”的，让你认为你“无法做决定”



but you are doing it.

但是，你已经“做了决定”



That's the whole point is to realize that 

这就是关键点，也就是，意识到：



you can't get away from being in charge. You can't get away from being in control.

你无法不“掌管”；你无法不“控制”



There is no one else that has anything to say about your life.

其他任何人，对你的人生都无法“评头论足”



You're the one making all the decisions. You're the one choosing all the choices.

你是那个做了“所有决定”的人；你是那个做出“所有选择”的人



So take responsibility for it and start making the decisions about the things you prefer to decide on

所以，请对你的 决定与选择 负责，并开始对“那些需要你做出 你所喜好决定的事情”做出决定



instead of deciding that you will feel indecisive

而不是（继续）决定“你会感觉犹豫不决”的决定



since that obviously doesn't work for you

因为，很显然，这对你来说“行不通”（无益）



because that is the product of the decision.

因为，它就是你“犹豫不决”的“产物”



Is this making some sense? 

这些话，你能听懂吗？



Yes? No? Maybe?

懂？不懂？似懂非懂？



问：

Yes!

懂了！



巴夏：

All right.

好的！



Are you able to wrap your mind around it? or you gonna think about it for a while?

你领会贯通了没？还是说，你需要再想一想？



It's all right if you do.

如果需要再想想，也没事



We're just giving you the basics, 

我们说的，只是基础概念



and you can let it sink in at whatever rate you're comfortable with, and you can do it through whatever process you're also comfortable with.

你可以 以你感觉适宜的节奏，让这些信息“沉淀”下来，也可以 通过让你感觉舒适的过程，将它们消化掉



It's up to you.

这都由你来决定！



I'm just letting you know there's actually no such thing as indecisiveness. There is only a decision to experience what appears to be indecisiveness.

我只是在让你明白：事实上，并没有“犹豫不决”这回事，有的，只是你决定要体验“看似犹豫不决”的经历



Very different thing between the experience of a thing and the actual mechanism involved in creating that experience.

“体验一件事”与“参与创造这个体验的运作机制”，是大相径庭的“两码事”



If you understand that paradox, then you are at the center and at the point of your power.

如果你能理解其中的“矛盾”之处，那么，你就立足于“中间的平衡点”，你也就处在你的力量的“核心点”



问：

I don't understand the last part.

最后几句话，我没听明白



巴夏：

When you see things that appear to be opposite, when you finally realize the paradox, the apparent contradiction 

当你看到两个 相反对立的事物，当你终于意识到 它们之间有着明显的“相互矛盾”的地方



that your feeling of indecisiveness actually comes from having made a decision

也就是，你的“犹豫不决”的感觉，其实来源于你做出的一个“决定”



you see the two polar opposites.

你看到了两个“对立的极点”



Now you are aware that both of those opposites has to come from the same central source, which is you.

此时，你觉察到这两个“对立点”必定都来自同样的“中间源头”，也就是“你”



So now you get to decide, now that you're back in the balance point.

现在，你回到了中间的平衡点



Now you get to decide how you prefer to look at that experience.

你就需要决定“你更希望自己能够如何看待”这样的体验



You can realize: 

你可以让自己明白：



I decided to feel indecisive because of my definitions

之前，由于我的定义，我决定要“感受犹豫不决”



but I now realize that because I decided to feel indecisive

但现在，我意识到，那是因为我决定了“要感受犹豫不决”的决定



I'm not indecisive

那么，我就不是一个“犹豫不决”的人了



because I decided that.

因为我决定了（现在）“这个决定”



That's the irony. That's the paradox.

这就是二者“格格不入、势不两立、相互矛盾”的地方



And now you're at the point of power

现在，你处于自己力量的“源泉中心点”



because you can see both, apparently, opposite points of view.

因为，你可以同时看到两端明显的、相对立的观点



Does that make more sense?

这样解释，是否让你更清楚了一点呢？



问：

Yes.

是的！



巴夏：

Are you sure?

你确定？



问：

Yes.

是的！



巴夏：

Have you decided that?

你已经决定这样了吗？

 

问：

Yes!

是的！



巴夏：

Thank you!

谢谢！



问：

Thank you.

谢谢您！