巴夏：你不需要“浴火”，就可“重生”！
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-09-19
问：

I wanted to ask you about a physical problem I've been having. 

我想问你的，是关于我的一个生理问题



On top of that, my mother is experiencing some extreme health problems and also my husband, and I wonder if there is... 

除此之外，我妈妈也有很严重的健康问题，我老公也是……所以我想……



巴夏：

My, my, my! 

噢！我的乖乖！



问：

I mean, it's like everyone is falling apart. 

我想说的是，我们一个个都好崩溃！



巴夏：

Alright. Well, maybe that's so you can pull yourselves back together in another way. 

也许这样你们就可以 以另一种方式把自己重新整合起来



问：

Yes, we all feel an awakening of some kind. 

是的，我们确实都感觉到某种程度的觉醒



巴夏：

Yes. As I just said, so you can pull yourselves back together in another way. 

没错！就像我刚说的，你们可以 以另一种方式把自己重新整合起来



The assumption, in this sense, comes from an old habit in your society which assumes "In order to pull yourself together in the way you want to, you have to first destroy the original structure." 

你们崩溃的感觉，来源于你们社会的一个古老习惯，认为：“要想以自己所希望的方式重新整合自己，那你必须得先摧毁原先的结构”



You don't have to. 

但是，你们不需要这么做



You can transform it

你可以转化它



You can transform it easily, effortlessly, lovingly, and gently. 

你可以轻松地、毫不费力地、充满爱地、温和地转化它



De-structurization does not have to be Destruction. 

去结构化，未必就需要先毁灭



You don't have to "fall apart" to disassemble the old idea and then re-assemble the new one. 

你不需要经历“崩溃”，分解旧有的观念，才能重新组合出新的观念



This simply comes from an old habit, an old assumption that you have to break into pieces in order to gather yourself back together. 

这都来源于你们古老的习惯、旧有的观念，认为：你必须把自己拆得七零八落，然后才能重整旗鼓



You don't have to break into many pieces so you can analyze each and every one. 

你不需要把自己拆解成多块，然后才能分析自己的每一部分



You can allow yourself to begin to function and know you are "whole" as you are. 

你只需要知道你是圆满完整的，并以这种状态去行动（运作）



Allow yourself to simply redefine the entire idea that you are 

你只需要重新定义“整体的你”



and any pieces you choose to continue to create yourself to be will then become a part of that whole and redefine themselves. 

然后，任何一个你选择继续自我创造的“部分的你”，都将成为“整体的你”的一部分，并且也会被重新定义



The idea of "breakdown" comes from the built-in assumptions that your society gives you—that you have to create a breaking down in order to build-up. 

你的崩溃的想法，认为“脱胎，才能换骨”，这种沿袭的旧观念，是你们的社会给你们的。



It is what may be called the "Phoenix Syndrome" in your society, that you actually have to reduce yourself to ashes in order to rise from them again.

你们把它称之为：凤凰综合症，认为你需要浴火为灰，然后再从死灰中升起



You can simply transform more like what you would call the Chimera, rather than the Phoenix, by recognizing the fire that exists within you now and allowing the fire to transform you without consuming you. 

但是，你们可以像喀迈拉一样转化，而不是凤凰。你们只需要知道“火”已经在你之内，你可以让这火转化你，而不是毁灭你。



问：

So, I didn't have to do this at all, right? 

所以，我不需要“浴火重生”，是吗？



巴夏：

No, you don't have to at all. 

是的！你不需要“浴火”，就能“重生”。



If you can imagine the way you prefer to be and start acting like the person you imagine, then you will be that person and have that life-style and all that goes with it. 

你可以想象出“理想的你”，并且表现得像他一样（模仿他的思言行），然后，你就会变成他，拥有他的生活方式和其他的所有一切。



If you assume that the person you would like to be requires some lengthy bridge to cross in order to get there, then you will spend time on the bridge and you may create it to be quite creaky. 

但如果你认为“要想成为理想的你，就必须跨越很长很长的桥，才能到达那里”，那可能你就要花时间和精力，嘎吱嘎吱走过这座桥。



So allow yourself to melt into the person you wish to be now rather than chipping away at yourself in order to become that new idea. 

所以，现在就与“理想的你”融合吧，你根本不需要“剥削”自己，才能有“新天地”。