巴夏：你是神的共同创造者
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-05-17
Co-Creators 

共同创造者



You can understand the following thing: 

下面的话，你是能够理解的



You were created to be a co-creator with the Infinite. 

你被创造出来，就是要和 无限/神 成为共同创造者

你与生俱来就是 无限/神 的共同创造者

 

The part you play in the continuation of Creation is to give meaning to the neutral realities, which all already exist. 

你的角色，就是把（你决定）意义赋予所有已经存在的、中性的（无意义）实相



The new and unique meanings you create as a unique individual allow Creation to continue forever. 

你，作为一个独一无二的人，你所创造的全新的、独一无二的“意义”，使得造物主的创造能够永远地持续下去



You are that creative and you will never, never, never "run out”. 

你的创造力就是这么强大，而且你的创造力永不枯竭



You do not have to hold your creativity back because you think you might "use it all up" . 

你千万别因为担心把创造力用光，而抑制你的创造性



You will never run out of new things to create and new levels to explore. 

你永远都会有新的东西可以创造，你永远都会有新的层面（世界）可以探索



Conversely, you do not have to hurry up thinking that you must experience it all right now. 

相反的是，你不要心急，不要想着一下子把所有一切都体验完



For you are all Eternal beings. 

因为你是永恒存在的



Relax and enjoy what you are. 

放轻松，享受你当下所“是”的



You cannot slip from a positive reality to a negative one. 

你无法从积极正面的实相，跳转到消极负面的实相



You can only choose a negative reality through fear and doubt and guilt. 

你只能通过恐惧、怀疑和内疚，来选择（进入）消极负面的实相



You are completely capable of doubting yourselves, but you do not deserve to. 

你完完全全有能力怀疑你自己，但不值得你这么做



If you choose to, at least enjoy what you have chosen. 

如果你已经选择了，那至少请享受你所选择的



Everything you do is a reflection of your perfection. 

你所做的每件事，都反映出你本身的完美



Saying that you are perfect does not mean you will not change, or that you will not grow, or you will not learn. 

说你完美，并不意味着你不再改变，不再成长，或者是你不再学习



It simply means that whatever it is you are doing right now is an absolutely perfect version of that particular thing. 

它只是说，你当下所做的任何事情，都是这个特定的“做这个事”的“完美版本”



Even if it is misery, then it is absolutely perfect misery. 

即使它是痛苦的，也是绝对完美的痛苦



Everything you do is complete unto itself as a definitional reality. 

你做的每一件事，你都为这件事 完完全全地定义出一个全新的实相



Make the smallest alteration, the smallest change, and you have a completely different reality. 

即使做了最小的修改，最小的改变，你就已经有了一个完全不同的实相



Because every different element is like a variable in an overall equation. 

因为每一个不同的元素，都像是整体方程中的一个变量



Change any variable; you change the entire equation. 

改变了任何一个变量，你就改变整个方程



If you have a cube where all the sides are the same color and you change one face to a different color, you have an entirely different cube. 

如果你有个魔方，所有面都是同一颜色。你转动魔方，改变一个面的颜色，现在你就有了一个完全不同的魔方



Because of the way you have been taught to think about physical reality and continuity, you have been told that it is the same cube with a different face. 

根据你从小到大被教导的，关于实相，以及其连续性的认知，你认为这是同一个魔方，只是被移动了一个面而已



It is not. 

其实不是这样的



It is a completely different cube. 

这已经是一个完全不同的魔方



Any change in your thoughts, your beliefs, your emotions, changes not only you, but the entire Universe you occupy. 

你对你的思想、信仰或情绪的所做的任何改变，你改变的不仅仅是你个人，你还改变了你所在的整个宇宙



The slightest change represents a completely different Universe. 

一丝一毫的改变，表明这已经是个完全不同的宇宙



Create the changes you prefer; you create the Universe you desire to live in. 

所以，创造你所喜好的改变，你就创造了你所渴望生活于其中的宇宙



And conversely, if you wish to see anything in your reality change, change yourself. 

反过来说，如果你想看到你的世界（实相）有所改变，那请改变你自己



Define yourself in the way you choose to, and then act like that is truly you; 

你选择了什么，就怎么定义你自己，并且在行动上，“假装”你已经是这样



you'll get the reality that is representative of the "you" you have chosen to be. 

然后你就会看见（得到）那个代表你所选择的“你”的实相（心想事成）



Remember that you cannot experience a reality you are not the vibration of. 

记住，如果你不在那个振频上，你就体验不到那个实相



Wake up and live the reality you prefer. 

所以醒过来吧，现实就活在你所喜好的实相中



Become a conscious creator, because you are one consciousness. 

成为一个有意识的创造者，因为你就是一个意识



What you call subconsciousness and unconsciousness are simply convenient terms for things you do not want to face. 

你们所说的潜意识，或者无意识，只不过是那些你们不想面对的事物的“便捷称呼”



But if you understand the following, there is absolutely no reason to fear anything unknown. 

但下面这句话如果你能理解的话，那对于任何未知事物，你就根本没有任何害怕的理由



There is absolutely nothing you could ever discover about yourself that cannot be applied in a positive way, if that is what you choose to do. 

就是：你所发现的关于你自己的一切，只要你选择将其积极利用，那就没什么是无法被积极利用的



图片

本文节选自巴夏通灵资料集《Quest For Truth — 100 Insights That Could Change Your Life》，无视频、无音频



感谢好友 明明 送我这本巴夏通灵现场购买的 “Insights”