巴夏：接受，才能改变
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-06-08


问：
Another question that comes up has to do with self worth.  

还有一个提问，是关于“自我价值”的

 

Many people find on their journey that they think they had achieved a certain level of self valuation  

很多人，在走过一定的人生之旅后，都会觉得：自己已经达到了一定程度的自我价值的认可



And then they will find a circumstance comes up that triggers them to devalue themselves or feel that they have really not accomplished a full recognition of their self-worth.  

但是，随后发生的一些情况，却“打脸”了他们这种想法，触发他们否认自己，或者，认为自己并没有真正完全地认可自我的价值

 

巴夏：

The first and most paradoxical thing to remember when confronted with issues of lack of self worth is first and foremost to own it as a choice that you made in experiencing that idea  

当面对“自我价值缺乏”的问题时，你首先需要记住的一点，也是最为矛盾的一点，就是：恰是因为“你选择”体验自我价值缺失，才会让你有这样的经历



Because the second you own it, instead of regretting that's coming up. You are empowered to deal with it, empowered to do something to change it  

因为，就在“你接受”（拥有）事实的那一刻，而不是“悔恨”问题的发生，那么，你就是在赋予自己能力（赋能），去处理问题，去做一些能带来改变的事情

 

So it's only the denial of the fact that it comes up, the resistance to the fact that it comes up that actually makes it stick around and reoccur  

但是，如果你否认已经发生的事实，抗拒已经出现的问题，那么，你就只会让这种情况“一而再，再而三”地发生

 

Remember that many people even when they deal with certain issues of self-worth may test themselves to make sure they have changed.  

请记住：很多人，在处理某些关于自我价值的问题时，他们可能会测试自己，从而确定自己是否已经改变

 

So if you test yourself and trigger yourself by attracting a situation that makes you face the idea that you may not still allow yourself to feel worthy, then you are still reacting the same old way,  

所以，当你发现自己吸引来某种境况，可能会让你无法再感受到自我的价值，并且，你仍然以往日的方式，应对这种情况



You're testing yourself to see if you're going to change and respond differently, even if that gets triggered 

那么，你就是在测试自己，看清自己：在被触发的情况下，你是否将做出改变，并以不同的方式做出应对



But the first step toward getting around that is to not deny or resist that it came up, but to acknowledge that you chose it  

但要“绕过”这些“测试”，你需要做的第一步，并不是否认或者抗拒，而是承认：你选择让这种情况发生

 

Because by acknowledging that you chose to experience lack of self-worth again that keeps you in the seat of self empowerment to be able to explore it and do something about changing it  

因为，当你承认“自己再次选择体验自我价值的缺失”，那你就稳坐“自我赋能的席位”，让自己有能力探查情况，并做些能带来改变的事情

 

And with enough practice, you will get used to the idea that you no longer need to do that  

这样的练习做得足够多了，你就会渐渐习惯不需要这样的“测试”

 

Because you will finally hone the skill of owning whatever comes up instead of resisting whatever comes up  

因为，你已经游刃有余，能够“接受”任何发生的事，而不再对它们有所“抗拒” 



Because remember, 

因为，请记住：



It's not about what you experience in terms of what happens. 

发生了什么，你经历了什么，这些都无关紧要

 

It's about what you do with that experience

真正重要的是，你做了什么



that makes the difference in your world. 

只有这，才会给你的世界带来改变 



So the first step always is to never deny or resist what happens. But to own it as something that can serve you in a positive way to know that there's a reason that it's there  

因此，第一步：永远不要否认或者抗拒已然发生的事，而是接受它，告诉自己：它的发生，是有某个原因的，并将带给你积极正面的助益

 

And that puts you back in the driver seat and gives you the self empowerment and the control to explore in a more positive creative and inspirational way and to actually have some fun with exploring why you would have chosen to trigger yourself in that way  

这样，你就坐回了“驾驶座”，获得掌控局面的能力，并可以更积极正面、更有创造性、更鼓舞人心地，甚至有点乐子地，去探索你为什么：会选择触发自己吸引来这种境况

 

And then more answers will come up more ideas will surface  

然后，你脑中就会冒出更多的答案，涌现出更多的“奇思妙想”

 

And you'll be on a different journey with that experience at that moment.  

而在那一刻，你也将踏上不同的旅程

 

So owning it and not resisting it is the first step.  

所以，你需要做的第一步，就是：接受，而不是抗拒

 

问：

OK! That's very helpful. 

好的！非常有帮助！