巴夏：关于植入物
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2016-10-21





巴夏：关于植入物



翻译：Ashitaka



你说了算  if you say so



哈哈！



刚刚出来的是什么?  what is that that's coming through



你告诉我  you tell me



记住我甚至不说英语  remember i am not speaking even the English language



我只是送出思想波然后它们被翻译成这个管道所理解的语言  i am simply sending thought pulses and they are being translated into the language that the channel understands



所以这个管道只是作为一个生物翻译机  so the channel simply acting as a biological translator



假如这个管道的大脑无法理解  and if the channels brain cannot make sense out of it



信息通常也不会被翻译到我这边来  it usually will not translate on this end either



我已经花了很多时间与你和你的文明  I've spent much time with you in your civilization



在我来看作为在第五，六维度  as I see it within fifth and sixth dimension



因为现在你转移了，不过当你说话时我与你度过了时光  because you now transferred but I've spent time with you when you were speaking



我记得有时还有转换到心灵感应  and I remember times and transitioning over into telepathy



好吧，但是那不是我们古语的表达方式  alright but that is not a representation of our ancient language



它更像是那种从天狼星星系的较高维度所发出的东西  it is something far more similar to the idea of that which issues from the higher dimensional planes of the star system of Sirius



是的，我从海豚那里收到的  yeah i got from the dolphins



是的，就是这样  yes well there you go



因为他们更甚于我们以心灵感应的方式连结天狼星能量  ok because they're telepathically connected to serious energy even more than our



然后?  and so



然后我有个关于植入物(implants)的问题  and so I have a question about implants



关于?  about？



植入物 恩  implants yes



我想知道... 我们在谈论哪一种植入物?  I wondering if I had  what kind are we talking about



呃，嘿嘿嘿...呜~~~（摇一摇）



不，我没有那种的，虽然那是城里人用的植入物  no I don't have any of those even though that is the city for it



好吧...  alright



硅胶入物(silicon implants)  【译注：丰胸用的(╯▽╰)】



喔，我的天呐！ （台下的观众: 去做吧，妹纸！)



我的意思是那种植入物... 是是，我知道，我只是在跟你开点小玩笑  I mean implants yes yes i know i'm having a little fun with you



因为你知道我可接受不了它  because you know I can't take it



是的 嘿嘿嘿！



关于它们什么?  what about them



我想知道我是不是有那些植入物， 其实我有那些，来自...  I'm wondering if I have them i do come from yeah



我想知道你是不是也有那些？  i'm wondering if there for you



不，我们不那样做  no we don't do



好吧，没有人，这很酷  okay no who that's cool



要明白很多人已达成协议同意参加那个计划  understand that many people have made an agreement to participate in that program



所谓的植入物，当它们存在是有多种原因的  the idea of the so-called implants when they exist are for a variety of reasons



它们不只提供信息、位置和追踪那些参与混血计划的人  they not only provide information location and tracking of those that participate in that program in that hybridization program



它们也提供信息下载，还有输送能量给你  but they also feed and download information and energy to you



并且帮助和协助你从一个维度转换到另一个维度  and also aid and assist in the shifting from one dimension to another



这能理解吗? 是的  does that make sense yes



这解决了你的情况了吗？  does that address your situation



还有你想更细节地讨论其它东西吗？  or is there something else you wish to discuss in more detail



我还想讨论一件事，他们感觉好像我刚刚降落在这里  there's something outside i wish to discuss they feel as though i have just landed here



喔，相对来说你确实是的  oh，relatively speaking you have



还有...  and



我在想是否有人愿意带一个混血人回家  i'm wondering if anyone would like to take home a hybridized human



哈哈，我不是吃货  I don't eat much



我有各种各样有趣的故事，我今晚在旅馆过夜， 但是在这里我没有一个家  and I have all sorts of fun stories i'm staying in a hostel tonight but I don't have a home here



好的  alright



真的？我是说...我知道我明白你的意思...  really？i mean i do I know I get that



不管你在哪里你都有一个家，光是刚刚问的那句话  you have a home wherever you are and by simply putting that out there



你将会看到你所吸引来的（家）  you will see what it is you attract



好吗？ 好的  alright alright



那对你有帮助吗？ 有, 谢谢  does it help you？yes thank you



喔，还一件事 是，喔喔喔！┑(￣Д ￣)┍ 呜呜，还有好多呢  oh one more yeah oh there's so much



恩..我们共有一个超灵吗？  um we we shared oversoul



“我们”指谁？ 你和我  who？you and I



没有  no



那我跟阿尼玛呢？  me and Anima？



较接近 好的  closer ok



你告诉我，我应该继续钓鱼还是？  shall i keep fishing or will you tell me



那要看你用哪种鱼饵  depends on what kind of bait you're using



很多我们社会的成员我们还没提到过  we have not mentioned many members of our society



不过有一位与你的振动比较接近  but there is another one that you're closer to vibrationally



好的  ok



（音译）西奥妞?



我不知道那是什么，就是脱口而出 接近  I don't know what that is just came out close



你有个好的开始 好  you've got the right ok



Essassani艾莎莎尼的古语里代表数字“13”的单词叫什么？  what is the old Essassani word for the number 13



（音译）塞博尔  seibel



这古老的单词用来代表我们种族里的一员  which is an ancient word that is being used to represent one of our kind



祂都是和转变、改变有关  who is all about transformation and change



而且事物永远不会是一样的  and things never being the same



完美，谢谢 谢谢  perfect thank you



我想唱首歌给你听  I would like to sing you a song



也许不是现在，改天？  maybe not now but someday



那首歌已经被接收到了  it's already been received



完美，谢谢 谢谢  perfect thank you



日安！ 日安！  good day！