巴夏：哥贝克力石阵
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月17日 06:00 辽宁
前言

在某种程度上，是的，它是亚特兰蒂斯的遗迹，尽管它也是我们无法讨论的其他事情的重要组成部分。

哥贝克力石阵

哥贝克力石阵是世界上最古老的纪念性建筑典范;一座建于 12,000 年前最后一个冰河时代末期的“寺庙”。它于公元 1995 年被发现，当时在距离土耳其东南部尚利乌尔法市不远的地方，一位库尔德牧羊人注意到许多嵌入其中的大石头，这些石头显然已经被加工过——结果证明这是最令人惊讶的发现。

G?bekli Tepe is the world's oldest example of monumental architecture; a 'temple' built at the end of the last Ice Age, 12,000 years ago. It was discovered in 1995 CE when, just a short distance from the city of ?anliurfa in Southeast Turkey, a Kurdish shepherd noticed a number of large, embedded stones, stones which had clearly been worked - and which turned out to be the most astonishing discovery.

图片

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
               传讯时间：2021年4月27日

问：目前地球上是否有任何象征阿努纳奇的实体历史遗迹？

Are there any physical monuments currently on Earth that are symbols for the Anunnaki?

巴夏：有。某些地方的一些古代遗址，比如巴勒贝克，比如一些非常古老的玛雅和阿兹特克遗址，像这样的地方。这在你看来，似乎有点超出了当时的技术，你认为那些生活在那时的人确实与一些古代阿努及其基地、他们在地球上的总部有直接联系或分支联系。

Yes. Some of the ancient ruins in certain places, such as Baalbek, such as some very ancient Mayan and Aztec sites, such as places like that.That seem, in your estimation, a little bit beyond the technology of the time that you attribute to those people who lived back then, do have either direct connection or offshoot connection to some of the ancient Anu and their bases, their headquarters on Earth.

问：他们是如何完成这种基因杂交过程的？您有什么可以与我们分享的，来帮助我们更清楚地了解这一点吗？

And how did they accomplish this genetic hybridization process?Is there anything you can share with us to help us understand that a little more clearly?

巴夏：好，这与你们的科学家现在开始了解如何进行基因剪接没有什么不同。他们可能还拥有其他技术，这些技术与你们现在所体验的有点不同或更先进，但与你们的科学家对基因剪接的理解并没有太大不同。

Well, it's not dissimilar to what your scientists now begin to understand about how to do genetic splicing.There are other techniques they may have had that are a little bit different or more advanced than what you're experiencing right now, but it's not that dissimilar from what your scientists already understand about genetic splicing.

图片



问：他们是如何向不支持这种行为的阿努纳奇人隐瞒正在发生的信息的？

How did they hide that information that that was going on from 

the Anunnaki who would not support that kind of behavior?

巴夏：嗯，记住他们走了很遥远的距离。地球上的阿努纳奇人和回到他们家乡的阿努纳奇人之间的交流不一定频繁。因此。可以说，他们只是避免以一种允许他们做他们需要做的事情的方式填写报告。所以他们当时与他们自己的文明没有心灵感应。不，不是以这种方式的。

Well, remember that they had traveled a very far distance. Communication between the Anunnaki on Earth and the Anunnaki back on their home world was not necessarily frequent.Therefore. They simply didn't know what to do. They simply avoided filling in their reports, so to speak, in a way that would allow them to do what they needed to do.So they were not telepathic then with their own civilization. No, not in that way.

问：哥贝克力石阵是亚特兰蒂斯的遗迹吗？你能告诉我们关于哥贝克力石阵的事吗？

Is Gobekli Tepe an Atlantean remnant? And can you tell us about Gobekli Tepe?

巴夏：在某种程度上，是的，它是亚特兰蒂斯的遗迹，尽管它也是我们无法讨论的其他事情的重要组成部分。但一般来说，这是一个培训中心。创造人类内部某些属性的知识和意识，让他们更容易体验到心灵感应、星体投射等事情。从某种意义上说，你可以称之为第四密度的创建是在当时作为一个项目开始的。哥贝克力石阵是培训的一部分。

To some degree, yes, it is an Atlantean remnant, although it is also part and parcel of something else we cannot discuss.But generally speaking, it was a training center. The idea of creating knowledge and awareness of certain attributes within humanity to allow them to experience things like telepathy, like astral projection more easily.In a sense, the creation of what you might call a fourth density being began back then as a project.And Gobekli Tepe was a part of that training. 

图片

问：好的，谢谢。吉萨金字塔是什么时候建造的？建造它们花了多长时间？它们服务于什么目的？

Okay, thank you.And when were the pyramids of Giza built? How long did it take to build them?And what purpose did they serve? 

巴夏：它们大约是在你们10500年前建造的。远古的，上古存在的，而不是最近的那些，没有表现出同样的精确度。这些主要是为了延续亚特兰蒂斯的科学而建造的，了解如何保存这些信息，由于彗星撞击地球造成的破坏。他们知道，信息的保存必须以一种不会在这样的事情再次发生时被破坏的方式创建。

They were constructed about 10,500 of your years ago.The ancient ones, the old ones, not the more recent ones that don't exhibit the same kind of precision.And these were constructed primarily as a way of continuing Atlantean science, of understanding how to preserve that information because of the destruction caused by cometary impacts on your planet.They knew that the preservation of the information had to be created in a way that wouldn't be destroyed should such a thing happen again.

所以建造大型石碑是保护的方法之一。尽可能长时间地提供这些信息，以便在人类从某些灾难中恢复过来时，他们仍然可以获得这些信息。并且吉萨大金字塔也再次被用作放大媒介，通过这种方法和其他几件事情，使星体投射和获取更高层次的信息变得更加容易。

So building large stone monuments was one of the ways to preserve. That information as long as possible so that by the time humanity recovered from certain disasters, they would still have access to that information.And the Great Pyramid of Giza was also again used as an amplification medium for the creation of making it easier for astral projection and the accessing of higher level information by that methodology and several other things.

问：好的，谢谢。

Okay, thank you. 

巴夏：它花了你们大约100年的时间来建造。

It tooks about 100 of your years to construct.

问：所以该项目经历了好几代人的努力。

So it was multiple generations on the project. 

巴夏：是的。因为它被认为是如此重要的。它必须是如此精确的。它必须是可保存的。因为祭司们知道，人类要恢复到他们能够理解的程度，还需要很长时间。或者至少开始理解其中包含的信息。

Yes.Because it was deemed to be that important.It had to be that precise. It had to be that preservable. Because the priests knew that it would be a long time before humanity recovered to the point where they would understand.Or at least begin to understand the information contained within it.