巴夏：弗伯斯巨石
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月23日 06:00 辽宁
前言

但这个想法是，它来自很久以前的文明。在某种程度上，它仍然在能量上有一些活动，但并不是真正按照其最初的用途，因为那个文明不再像以前那样在火星上了。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2021年2月27日

问：另一个问题是，你能告诉我们火卫一上的弗伯斯巨石吗？它放在那里了吗？谁放的？它的目的是什么？它与我们星球上的任何巨石都有关系吗？

Another question is, can you tell us about Phobos monolith on the Mars moon? Was it put there? Who did it? What's its purpose? And does it have any relationship to any of the monoliths on our planet?

巴夏：火卫一上巨石的想法，火星的卫星之一，来自数百万年前曾经居住在那里的古老文明，作为一个哨兵，作为各种能源和科学目的的灯塔。它是，在某种程度上，它与地球上的某些事物有着能量上的连接，比如某些种类的古代方尖碑和金字塔等等。那里有一种能量连接。

The idea of monolith on Phobos, one of Mars' moons, comes from the ancient civilization that used to abide there millions of your years ago, as a sentinel, as a beacon for a variety of energetic and scientific purposes.It is, to some degree, energetically connected to certain things on Earth, such as certain kinds of ancient Obelisks and pyramids and so on and so forth. There is an energetic connection.

但这个想法是，它来自很久以前的文明。在某种程度上，它仍然在能量上有一些活动，但并不是真正按照其最初的用途，因为那个文明不再像以前那样在火星上了。

But the idea is that it is something from a long-ago civilization. It still has, to some degree, some activity within it energetically, but not really according to its original uses, since that civilization is no longer upon Mars in the same way that it used to be.

图片

问：出现的那个石碑有什么重要意义吗？它是在亚利桑那州还是犹他州？

Was there anything significant about the one that showed up? Was it in Arizona or Utah?

巴夏：嗯，意义是神秘的。这种意义是集体意识的一种表现，现在集体意识对探索神秘、探索门户、探索可能与其他维度和其他现实相关的地方的想法越来越开放。这样你们就会更加意识到，你们星球上的神秘要比你们可能认为的更多。因为你们星球上的许多人认为，哦，我们已经解决了这一切，我们已经看到了这一切。已经去过那里，做到了这个。

Well, the significance is mystery. The significance is a manifestation of the collective consciousness that now is becoming more open to the idea of exploring mystery, exploring portals, exploring places that might be connected to other dimensions and other realities.So that you become more aware that there is more mystery on your planet than you may think.Because many people on your planet think, oh, we've solved it all, we've seen it all. Been there, done that.

好吧，没有。你只是触及了表面。所以这个想法是，你们的集体意识将允许个人创造某些更神秘的事物和表现形式，开始把你们拉向伟大的神秘的方向。这样你就可以在探索外在现实的同时真正探索内在现实，并问你自己一些你必须去不同层面才能回答的问题。

Well, no. You've barely scratched the surface. So the idea is that your collective consciousness will allow individuals to create certain things and manifestations that will be more mysterious to start pulling you in the direction of the great mysteries.So that you can really explore both the inner realities as you explore the outer realities, and ask yourself questions that you have to go to a different level to answer.

图片

问：你能和我们分享一下这些石头是如何建造古代巨石的吗？其中一些巨石重达数百吨，是如何被切割和吊装到位的？

And could you share with us how the stones used to build the ancient megaliths, some weighing hundreds of tons, were cut and lifted into place?

巴夏：嗯，许多的振动共振，声波振动被用来消除你们称之为重力的想法，重新定位这些物体中的位置变量。但是尽管他们很久以前就有某些技术可以做这些事情，但很多石头都没有被切割。它们只是在溶解或软化它们的意义上形成的，并且更像是把它们当作水泥或粘土的概念来处理。

Well, a lot of vibrational resonance, sonic vibrations were used to cancel the idea that you call gravity, to relocate the locational variable in those objects.But even though they also had certain kinds of technologies long ago that could do some of these things, a lot of the stones weren't cut.They were simply formed in the sense of dissolving them or softening them and sort of treating them more like the idea of cement or clay.

所以它们可以被放置到位，形成到位，而不一定总是被运送。有时侯它们是通过振动共振而保持在空中的，有时它们只是在原地制作的。取决于你使用的这项技术距离它丢失、被遗忘之前有多远。

So they could be put into place, formed in place, and not necessarily always carried.Sometimes they were held aloft by vibrational resonance, and sometimes they were simply formed in place.Depends on how far back you go with the technology before it was lost, before it was forgotten.