巴夏：协议及连接昴宿星人
Jade C 无限宇宙之爱 2017-08-16


翻译：Jade C 



（注：问=提问人、B=巴夏）



问：那些太空船是不是在我的房子附近？周日晚上我又看见太空船了，当时我和我前夫在一块，他也看到了！它们闪烁着红光、绿光。他们是昴宿星人的船吗？还是母舰？是侦察艇吗？



B：那要看你是依据什么来定义它们为太空船？



问：我听到。



B：听到什么？



问：我就是知道。



B：这样说来，现在你会发现我们目前察觉到的，这是你在自己现实中的一个投射，而且此时它在你们的现实世界里显得相当孤立；然而因你的感知正扩展到了其它维度的领域，并容许自己以这种方式去感知你所需要的连接，所以你创造的这个联系就能显化在你的生活之中。



问：嗯，那罗恩（前夫）呢？他不…你知道他…



B：那个人是不是与你分享你的生活呢？



问：是啊。



B：请明白，有许多无意识的、台面下的协议甚至是思想，会共享着相似的实象。到这边还了解吗？



问：嗯，可以。



B：简单说，这个概念单纯是，无论一个人以为他是否知道自己和某个特定信念有关联，“与他人的共同经历”永远都不是偶然的。到这边了解吗？



问：是。



B：它一定是出于某种原因，而且，必然是出自于这个人自身的选择。好，那，昴宿星团对你有什么吸引力呢？



问：呃…



B：或者我换个方式问，你“对昴宿星意识的好感”如何为“让你在地球上服务”带来助益？



问：有…让我服务？



B：嗯，对于你形成的这个（与昴宿星的）连接，你想要怎么运用？



问：我努力尽我所能地协助与服务，我要做到能力所及的最好的自己！



B：嗯，你永远都是最好的自己，你可以做到（巴夏意指你已经做到了，每个人一直（而且永远）都已经是最好的自己）。



问：对，我正尽所能地做到最好。



B：永远都是如此啊。



问：上星期你告诉我说要留意象征符号。



B：是的，你看到它们了。



问：对。



B：好，单纯地认知到这些符号呈献给你了，如此一来你永远与其他部分的你连接着，并将能量发挥在你要运用它们的地方。所以现在，我们用你们的话来说，就不再给标签下更多定义了。你的能量可以简单地以任何方式被吸收并让你透过你们的地球传输。



问：他们是不是联结到金星呢？



B：昴宿星人吗？



问：对。



B：是远距的，并不是以直接的方式。昴宿星人来自你们所谓的「昴宿星团」。了解？



问：是。



B：任何的连接都只是因你感知到了一个程度相近的无条件之爱的能量，例如说第六密度的金星人，还有昴宿星人的能量。你可能会发现他们正向你的文明发送着相似类型的爱；但在许多方面，虽然某个程度上它们都是一样的，但在你所指的层次上也有非常明显的区别和距离。这个概念：只要是跟你们太阳系相关的事，在处理你们和你们的文明时，（用你们的话来说）都会被标上为“首要任务”。某种程度上，昴宿星人会是另个层面上的一个主要例外，因为照字面意义上看来，昴宿星人是你们的兄弟姐妹加表亲，你们源自同一个支脉。



这么讲其实也不完全精确，尽管说昴宿星团已混合了许多其他群体。然而，从过去的时代，一部分亚特兰提斯时代、利莫里亚时代的意识创造出了分支，非生理的灵性意识分支，归于第六密度金星，并以这种方式反射；所以你看到的很可能是个非常久远以前的联结。因此在当下的现在，它们是很截然不同的方向。理解吗？这对你有帮助吗？



问：是的，非常谢谢你。



B：谢谢你。





Agreements and Pleiadian Connections 



Q: Are those space ships that are by my house?  Sunday night I saw space ships again.  And I was with my ex-husband who doesn't come to channeling, and he saw them too.  And they were blinking red and green lights.  Were they Pleiadian ships… or a Mothership?  Is it a scout ship?



B: Upon what basis do you define it as spacecraft?



Q: I can hear.



B: Hear what?



Q: I know.



B: In this way, at this time, you will find that our perception for now of the idea is a projection in your own reality, and is quite isolated at this time to your reality; but you are extending your senses into other dimensional realms, and allowing yourself to perceive what connections need to be perceived by you in this way.  So that you can form the relationships that you have created to exist in your life. 



Q: Yeah, but how about Ron?  He doesn't... you know he...



B: Is that individual sharing your life or not?



Q: Yes.



B: Then understand there are many agreements, even though they may be unspoken and unconscious, to share similar realities.  You follow me?



Q: Well, yes.



B: Keep it simple.  The idea simply is, whether or not an individual may think they know that they are related to certain ideas, the idea of experiencing something with someone else can never be accidental.  You follow me?



Q: Yes.



B: It must be there for a reason AND for the choice the individual has made.  Now, in this way, what affinity do you find you have for the Pleiades?



Q: Um.



B: Or, I will put it another way.  How does having an affinity for the idea of the Pleiadian consciousness allow you to serve on earth?



Q:  Having... allow me to serve?



B: Yes.  What will you do with the connections you are forming?



Q: I'm doing all I can to help and to serve, and to be the best me I can be.



B: All right.  You always are the best you, you can be.



Q: Yeah, I'm doing the best that I can.



B: Always.



Q: Last week you told me to watch for symbols.



B: Yes, and so you have seen them.



Q: Yes.



B: So, in this way, simply recognize that the idea is simply that symbols are presented to you, in that way, so that you always connect to other portions of yourself and utilize the energy where you have placed yourself to utilize that energy.  In this way, at this time, we are, in you terms, reluctant to place any more definition upon the labels, in that way, so that your energy can simply be assimilated in whatever way will allow you to channel it through upon your earth.  You follow me?



Q: Are they connected to Venus?



B: Pleiadians?



Q: Yes.



B: Remotely, but not directly.  Pleiadians, in your terms, are from your Pleiades.  You follow me?



Q: Yes.



B: Any connection will simply be that you perceive there is a similar level of unconditional loving energy that is exemplified by sixth density Venusians, as well as Pleiadians.  You may find that they are sending similar types of love to your civilization; but in many ways, though on one level all is the same, they are also on the levels to which you are referring, very distinct and separate.  The idea of anything that attaches itself by label to your Solar System will, in your terms, have quote/unquote, "first priority" in dealing with you, your civilization.  Now Pleiadians will be, to some degree, the one primary exception on a different level because, in a very literal sense, Pleiadians are your brothers, sisters, and cousins, for you are from the same offshoots.



This is not exactly, directly true, although there has been other intermingling of many other groups as a whole.  However, portions of the consciousness from past times, from Atlantean times, from Lemurian times, have created offshoot non-physiological spirituality　consciousness that has attached itself to the idea of sixth density Venus, and is reflected in that way; so you may be seeing a very old connection.  But in this way, in the present, they are quite distinct and separate directions.  You follow me?  Will that have assisted you?



Q: Yes, thank you very much.



B: Thank you.