巴夏：宇宙中最先进的文明是啥？
原创 Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2018-04-11




Q：宇宙中最先进的文明是啥？  what is the most advanced civilization in the universe?

B：据我们所知  that we know of

因为我们不知道宇宙中的每一个文明  because we don't know of every civilization in the universe

当然  certainly

我们仍然发现了很多  we are still discovering many

这取决于你说的先进是什么意思  and it depends upon what you mean by advanced

这是一个相对和主观的术语  that's a relative and subjective term

不是吗? -Q： 是的 -  is it not? yes.

B：所以你的意思是技术上的先进？以你理解技术的方式  so do you mean technologically advanced in the way you understand technology

你是指情感上的先进吗?  do you mean emotionally advanced?

你指的是灵性上的先进吗？  do you mean spiritually advanced?

你的意思是其他方面的先进吗?你说的先进是什么意思?  do you mean advanced in other ways? what do you mean by advanced?

必须要先问一下  would have to be asked first

最可能的是，我们现在要假设一下，为了抓紧时间  most likely we are going to assume at the moment for the sake of being efficient in time

他们的意思有点是技术上的  that they meant somewhat technologically

所以我们会这样回答  so we will answer it that way

目前  right now

实际上这是一群我们之前提到过的存有  it is a group of beings that we have actually referred to before

这只是在我们的经验之内  this is simply within our experience

这并不意味着他们是全宇宙中最先进的  doesn't mean that they are the most advanced of all

因为我们还没有发现每一个文明  because again we haven't discovered every single civilization

还差得远呢  by a long shot

他们被我们称为，或者翻译成你们的语言叫做...  they are what has been termed by us or translated into your language as

他们的能力可以从黑洞表面通过接触它就可以直接获取信息  they are of a quality where they can actually access information directly from the surface of a black hole by touching it

非常先进的技术  very advanced technology

灵性技术  a spiritual technology

这与你所理解的物质和灵性的含义不一样  that is something different than you understand physical and spirit to mean

用一个词来形容他们是非常外星的  they are extremely alien to use a word

因此，我们告诉你们，他们能做的是，用你们的概念说，是非常简略和粗略的翻译  and therefore what we're telling you that they can do is a very crude and rough translation in your concepts

他们远不止这些  it's something far more than that

但是，为了让你们真正开始理解我们的意思，我们会需要一段时间非常详细地解释它  but we would need to explain it in great detail over the course of some amount of time for you to really begin to understand what we mean

当我们说他们可以触碰黑洞的表面并从宇宙中从黑洞中提取信息  when we say they can actually touch the surface of a black hole and extract information from the universe from it

我们很乐意在另一个传讯中的某个时间解释它  and we will be happy to do so at some point in another transmission

所以就像你们星球上很多人爱说  so as many of you are fond of saying on your planet

让我们先用大头针钉起来  let's put a pin in it

我们会在另一个传讯中回到这个话题，并更全面地解释关于XXX的一切  and we'll come back to it in another transmission and explain more fully what the XXX are really all about

尽可能地用你们的语言和概念来描述它  as best as it can be described in your language and in your concepts

好吗  all right

Q：嗯，这是一个神奇的宇宙  yeah this is one strange universe

B：是的，你们是其中最奇怪的东西之一  yes it is and you are one of the strangest in it

