巴夏：窗口、门和大门
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-12-20 23:31



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2022年12月17日




大家好，日安！



我们开始今天的传讯，叫做“窗口、门和大门”，

We'll begin this transmission is called "the window the door and the gate",



我们会在今天随后的冥想中更清楚地解释这一点，

And we will explain this a little bit more clearly in the meditation that will go along with this transmission today,



这样你们就能更好地准备好即将到来的2023年1月2月和3月三部传讯，叫“成为银河公民”，

So that you may be better prepared for the three-part transmission coming up in your year of 2023 in January February and March called "becoming a galactic citizen"



到时候我们将带你进行非常具体的（会包括窗口、门和大门）练习，让你在未来几年接触的可能性大增，

Where we will take you through very specific exercises that will involve "the window the door and the gate" to open you up to greater probabilities of contact in the years to come.



我们会在冥想中更清楚地解释。

So this will be more clearly explained in the meditation,



随着你在公开接触窗口中前进，这几个练习将作为增加这些接触概率所需的，

as a symbol as a changing and a frequency shift of the energies required,



在能量、存在状态和思想状态上的一种符号，一种改变，一种频率的改变。

and the state of being and state of mind required to increase these probabilities of contact, as you move forward in the window of open contact.



图片



总的来说，这三个阶段——窗户、门和大门——会以非常特定的方式改变你的能量，

The idea in general is that these three stages "the window the door and the gate" will shift your energy in very specific ways,



它会拓展你的能力，扩展你的意识，

That will expand your ability expand your awareness,



拓展你的潜能，走出你一贯的现实，

Expand your potential to step out of your typical reality,



并开始与你周围一直存在的新的现实层面相融合、相互作用和交互。

And begin to blend and interact and interface with new levels of reality that are all around you all the time.



但是对于现在的你来说，那些新的现实大部分是看不见的，

But are mostly invisible to you now,



我们将在2023年的前三个月教你们这些练习和意识许可，它们是为特别的目的而设计的，能让你们放宽已被创建的障碍和强加在你们意识上的限制，

These exercises these permission slips we will deliver in the first three months of your 2023 will be designed for the specific purpose of allowing you to relax the barriers that have been created the limitations that have been imposed upon your consciousness,



到目前为止，这些障碍和限制一直阻止你看到你周围的其它实相，

that up to this point have prevented you from being able to see what is all around you all the time,



阻止你扩展你的感官，变得对更高频率和更高维度的能量更加的敏感。

to be able to expand your senses, and become more sensitive to higher frequency and higher dimensional energies.



这样你就可以开始进入一个新的领域，在这个领域里有更多的可能性与不同种类的存有互动，

So that you can begin to enter a new realm a new realm in which there are many more probabilities for interaction with different kinds of beings,



不仅是外星人，而且还有外次元的存有，甚至是灵魂，

Not only extraterrestrial, but extra dimensional, and even spirit,



开始消除那些先入为主的概念和预设的障碍，在你们通常所说的物理现实和其它就在此时此地存在的，而你们经过未察觉的，更精炼、更稀薄的现实之间的障碍，

to begin to dissolve those preconceived notions and preconceived barriers between what you typically refer to as physical reality and the other more refined more rarified realities that exist right here right now, but which you pass through unaware,



你可能已经给了自己机会去体验一些瞬间，一些片段，一些进入那些更高的领域，更高维度的时刻。

You may have given yourself the opportunity to experience little glimpses, little pieces, little moments of tapping into those higher Realms those higher dimensions.



但是这个“窗口、门和大门”作为一种意识许可，作为一系列的练习将会提高你的能力，

But the idea of the window the door and the gate as a permission slip as a series of exercises will refine your ability,



如果你愿意与它校准，开始以一种非常不同的方式感知现实，

If you are willing to align with it to begin to perceive reality in a very different way,



并且能够感知那些居住在现实的其它更稀薄的层面上的存有，

And to be able to perceive those that inhabit those other more rarefied levels of reality,



图片



这样你就可以开始真正扩展你对银河公民的理解，成为一个银河公民意味着什么。

So that you can begin to truly expand your notion of what it means to be a galactic citizen.



所以，今天就加入我们的旅程吧，

So join us on this journey today,



我们将在冥想中带你练习，开始为你准备好接受即将到来的“窗口、门和大门”的三部传讯。

And we will in the meditation take you through and exercise to begin to prepare you for the upcoming three-part transmission of the window the door and the gate.



作为给予我们让我们与你们大家互动的礼物，

In return for the gift you are giving us of interacting with all of you this day,



请问现在我们怎样能继续为你们服务，

I ask in what way now may we continue to be of service to you,



请开始你们想要的提问和对话吧！

You may begin with your dialogues and your questions if you so desire!