巴夏：三个问题
前言
在2017年至2020年期间，你们会发现他们将以各种方式进行更多的传讯

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2016年9月25日

问：所以你描述了第一批将是青少年。我试图理解这是如何发生的。他们出生在婴儿的身体里，但他们的意识比婴儿更成熟？你是这个意思吗？

So you described that the first wave would be teenagers. I'm trying to understand how that occurs. They're born into an infant body, but their awareness is more developed than an infant would be? Is that what you mean by that?

巴夏：这个想法是，他们在飞船上长大，正处于不同的人生阶段。虽然，是的，在某些方面，即使他们非常非常年轻，他们也非常成熟，但这个想法是，他们对你们和你们对他们来说仍然非常陌生。所以即使他们有很强的智力，你们对他们来说仍然是一个陌生的文明。但首先出现的是年纪较大的人，从某种意义上说，他们有时间吸收更多你们的文化，了解更多他们需要了解的东西，才能与你们生活在一起。

The idea is that they have grown up on the ships, and they are at different stages of life. And while, yes, in some ways, even while they are very, very young, they are very developed, the idea is that they are still very alien to you and you to them.So even though they have great intellectual capacity, you are still a foreign civilization to them. But the ones that will come first are the older ones, the ones that have had time, in a sense, to absorb more of your culture and understand more of the things that they need to understand to live among you.

问：难道已经有人来铺路了吗？所以我最小的儿子六岁了，当我怀上他时，心灵感应的连接立刻变得如此强烈，他开始和我交流。

And have there already been some who have come to pave the way?So my youngest son is six years old, and when I was pregnant with him, immediately the telepathic connection was so strong, and he began to communicate with me.

巴夏：是的。但这是不同的，因为你们中间有一些儿童是你们在地球上实际生下来的混血儿童。他们是那些在飞船上长大的人的兄弟姐妹和堂兄弟姐妹，他们和你们中出生的人有点不同。但是有许多混血儿童出生的原因是，他们也将成为那些将在你们中间生活的人之间建立桥梁和熟悉连接的人。真正建立连接的将是与孩子们互动的孩子。你明白吗？

Yes.But this is different, because there are those children among you that are hybridized children that you have actually given birth to on Earth.And they are the brothers, sisters, and cousins of the ones who have been raised on the ships that are a little bit different than the ones that are born to you.Okay. But the reason that there are many hybridized children being born to you is because they will also be the ones that will create the bridge and the link of familiarity between the ones who will come to live among you.It will be the children interacting with the children that will really make the link. You understand?

图片
问：明白了。是的。所以当我怀上他时。他开始告诉我不要听任何关于滋养孩子的信息，所以他说，只在饿的时候吃，如果你不饿，别担心，不要吃。所以我怀孕的时候吃得很少。我非常健康，生了一个非常健康的孩子。

Got it. Yes. So when I was pregnant with him.He began to inform me to not listen to any information that would be needed about nourishing a child, and so he said, only eat when you're hungry, and don't worry if you're not hungry, don't eat.And so I actually ate very little when I was pregnant. I was incredibly healthy and birthed a very healthy child.

巴夏：然后第二个问题。

And the second question.

问：你好，巴夏。

Hello, Bashar. 

巴夏：你也是，你好。

And to you, good day. 

问：我的问题是，在他们实际到达地球之前，他们会通过心灵感应联系我们吗还是？

My question is that before they physically arrive on Earth, would they be contacting us telepathically or?

巴夏：嗯，他们已经在这么做了。你们中的许多人在梦中与他们有过接触，并通过其他方式进行过心灵感应。是的，这是与你们所有人建立联系的一部分，因为他们会先这样做。这是他们被训练要去做的事情之一。

Well, they're already doing that. Many of you have had contact with them in dreams and telepathic contacts in other ways.Yes, that's part of the establishing of the link with all of you is they will do it that way first. It's one of the things that they are trained to do.

问：所以我看到的三个存有，我觉得他们和灰人很相似，他们是我的混血孩子吗？

So the three beings that I saw that I felt like they were similar to the greys, were they my hybrid children?

巴夏：他们和灰人没那么相似。不，你看到的是稍微不同的东西。

They're not that similar to the greys. No, you're looking at something slightly different. 

问：好的，当他们到达地球时，那些年轻人会在一段时间后留下来吗？

All right. And when they arrive on Earth, do the younger ones, were they going to be staying after the time period of being?

巴夏：再次，在大多数情况下，会为他们创造一些远离社会的地区和飞地，在自然环境中，年轻人会被抚养一段时间，然后才能适应来到你们的城市的想法。现在，更年长的人可能会偶尔更频繁地进入城市，但只有当年轻人更成熟、更进化、更适应时，他们才会加入他们。

Again, there will be certain areas and enclaves that will be created for them away from society for the most part, out in natural settings where the younger ones will be raised for a while before they will acclimate to the idea of coming into your city.Now, the older ones may venture into the cities from time to time a little bit more often, but only when the younger ones are a little bit more advanced, a little bit more evolved, a little bit more acclimated, will they also join them.

图片
问：好吧，所以他们能够，我的问题基本上是关于他们将如何得到照顾？

Okay, so they're able to, my question is basically around how are they going to be taken care of?

巴夏：他们将由其他混血儿照顾，这些混血儿将成为他们的导师和雅耶奥种族的一部分。

They will be taken care of by the other hybrids that will be their mentors and their guides that are part of the Yahyel race.

问：好的，只要我们能够接触到他们或看望他们，或者。。。

All right. And as far as... As far as us being able to contact them or visit them or...

巴夏：这些事情会被安排好的。

Those things will be arranged. 

问：哦，非常感谢。

Oh. Thank you so much. 

巴夏：谢谢。第三个提问者。

Thank you. And the third questioner.

问：你好，巴夏。

Hi, Bashar. 

巴夏：你也是，你好。

And to you，good day. 

问：所以，我想，正在谈论的女孩，那里有男孩和女孩，对吧？

So the girl who's talking about, I think, there's boys and girls, right?

巴夏：对对对。

Yes, yes,yes.

问：那个正在谈论在草地和树上散步的女孩。是我女儿？

The girl who was talking about walking in the meadows and trees.My daughter？

巴夏：你的女儿也在其中，但这是另一个孩子。

Your daughter is among them, but this was another child. 

问：当你说333这个数字时，当我开始在这里旅行时，我的里程表是3-3-3-3-3。我的混血儿童会在这批333人之内吗？

When you said the number 333, when I started my trip here, my odometer was 3-3-3-3-3.Are my hybrid children going to be within that 333?

巴夏：是的。这有帮助吗？

Yes. Does that help?

问：是的。孩子们，我现在正在和高危儿童一起工作。

Yes.The children, I'm working with at-risk children right now.

巴夏：是的。

Yes. 

图片


问：他们是其中的一部分吗？

Yes. Are they part of this?

巴夏：嗯，再次，有许多儿童是混血的，可能是需要发生的接触的一部分，以形成地球上的孩子和来自飞船的孩子之间的联系和桥梁。

Well, again, there are many children that are hybridized and may be part of the contact that needs to occur to form the link and the bridge between the children on Earth and the children that are coming from the ships.

问：但是，我是否被与这些孩子相关的工作所吸引？

But, like, am I drawn to the work of these children? 

巴夏：是的。因为你正在练习其他孩子什么时候到来的想法。

Yes. Because you're practicing for the idea of when the other children come.

问：好的，谢谢。

Okay. Thank you. 

巴夏：谢谢。那么，这就开始了你们和混血儿童之间不同性质的接触。这将增加，这将加速，这将扩大，并将在未来几年通过我们以各种形式展现。所以，在2017年至2020年期间，你们会发现他们将以各种方式进行更多的传讯，这将在你们和他们之间创造更多的参与和互动。

Thank you. So then, this begins a contact of a different nature now between you and the hybrid children.This will increase, this will accelerate, and this will expand and will be presented through us in a variety of forms in the upcoming years.So, between your years of 2017 and 2020, you will find there will be a lot more transmissions from them in a variety of ways that will create more participation and interaction between you and them and strengthen the bond that already exists in a variety of interactive and fun ways leading up to the idea of their arrival eventually.

并以各种互动和有趣的方式加强已经存在的联系，最终导致他们在2020年之后到来的想法，进入2025年至2033年的公开接触窗口。但届时我们将以各种方式向你们介绍，你们将有很多乐趣来了解彼此。所以，作为对你们给我们的礼物的回报，我现在问，我们可以以什么方式为你们服务？你们可以从你们已经确定的常规问题开始。

And strengthen the bond that already exists in a variety of interactive and fun ways leading up to the idea of their arrival eventually beyond that year of 2020, into the years of the open window of 2025 to 2033.But you will have a lot of fun getting to know each other in a variety of ways that we will present to you at that time.And so, in return for the gift that you are giving us, I ask now, in what way may we be of service to you?You may begin with your regular questions as you have already ascertained them.

