巴夏：亲爱的爸爸妈妈
前言
总的来说，在第一阶段，将有333名混血儿童来到地球。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2016年9月25日
巴夏：好，让我们在你们的这一天向你们说日安。你们都好吗？好的。好的，谢谢。我们再次向你们每一个人表达我们最深切的感激之情，感谢你们在这个时候以这种方式允许这次传讯，并有机会通过你们所有人体验造物的多维水晶的更多方面。我们想以一点解释开始这篇题为《亲爱的爸爸妈妈》的传讯，解释一下你们称之为混血儿童的存有发生了什么，这些混血儿童是你们许多人的后代，基于你们星球上的人们已经认识到的经历，你们中的许多人已经、正在、将要与一群其他存有相遇。
Well, let's say good day to you this day of your time. How are you all? All right.All right, thank you. Once again, we extend to each and every one of you our deepest appreciation and gratitude for the allowance of this transmission in this way at this time and the opportunity to experience through all of you more facets of the multidimensional crystal of creation.We would like to begin this transmission which is titled Dear Mom and Dad with a little bit of an explanation as to what's going on with those beings that you call the hybrid children which are the progeny of many of you based on the experiences that people on your planet have recognized are going on in the encounters that many of you have had, are having, will have with a group of other beings.
这些存有通常被称为灰人，为了延续他们正在消亡的文化，他们通过与你们在更高层面上达成协议，利用你们的一些遗传物质以及其他存有的遗传物质来创造混血种族，比如我们提到的我们自己和雅耶奥人，以延续他们的文化，这样他们就不会灭绝。然而，也有一群混血儿童，他们更具体地说是你们的孩子，他们最终将来到地球与你们生活在一起，以协助你们星球上正在发生的进化，最终导致地球成为我们所说的第六个混血种族。现在，这些孩子的年龄和发展阶段各不相同，他们已经接受了一段时间的训练，以了解你们星球上的一般文化，这些文化对他们来说非常陌生。

Most often referred to as the greys who in order to perpetuate their culture which was dying out utilized through agreements with you on a higher level some of your genetic material along with the genetic material of other beings to create hybrid races such as ourselves and the Yahyel that we have referred to in order to perpetuate their culture so they would not die out.However, there is also a group of the hybrid children that are very much more specifically the idea of your children who will ultimately be coming to Earth to live among you to assist with the idea of the evolution that is going on on your planet that will ultimately lead to Earth becoming what we term the sixth hybrid race.Now, these children are of various ages and stages of development and understanding and they have for now for some time been training to understand the general cultures on your planet which are to them very alien.

图片
并且为了融入其中，他们一直在学习一些你们认为理所当然的事情，这些事情对你们来说是共同的，你们从小就明白，这对你们来说似乎是第二天性，他们有时会觉得有点深不可测。偶尔会有，其中一些孩子会降临到地球。他们会在某种程度上在你们中间秘密练习，尽管有时他们仍然很引人注目，以至于你们中的一些人可能会偶尔注意到一个看起来有点与众不同的人。但他们得到了一群我们并不经常提及的存有的帮助，这些存有可以粗略地称为第四个混血种族。

They have for now for some time been training to understand the general cultures on your planet which are to them very alien and in order to fit in have been learning some of the things that you take for granted that are common to you that you were raised to understand that seems second nature to you which they sometimes find a bit unfathomable.There will be from time to time, some of these children that will come down to earth.They will be practicing among you in secret to some degree, although sometimes they still stand out enough that now and then some of you may notice a glimpse of someone that seems a little unusual.But they are being assisted by a group of beings that we have not really referred to very often that could loosely be called the fourth hybrid race.

这个想法是，他们正在照看他们。他们在引导他们。他们正在为他们提供你们星球上相对安全的地方，在那里他们可以安静、平和地练习，最常见的是秘密地练习。如何在你们中间生活，如何住在你们的住所里，如何做你们在地球上自然而然地做的事情，或者至少从学习的角度来看，像用盘子吃饭、用叉子这样的事情，对这些孩子来说都是陌生的。现在，这些儿童将经历不同的阶段，最终会来到某些飞地、某些环境中，再次生活在安全的地方，直到你们的社会能够适应他们，他们也能适应你们的社会。

The idea is that they are watching out for them. They are guiding them. They are providing for them places on your planet that are relatively safe where they can practice in quiet, in peace, most often in secret.The idea is that they are watching out for them. They are guiding them. They are providing for them places on your planet that are relatively safe where they can practice in quiet, in peace, most often in secret, the idea of how to live among you, how to live in your dwellings, how to do the things that you do naturally on your planet, or at least from learning, things even like eating off a plate, using a fork are alien to these children.Now, there will be different phases of these children that will eventually come down and live in certain kinds of enclaves, certain kinds of settings, again, in safe places until such time as your society can get used to them and they can get used to your society.

直到最后。。。有一天，他们可以更公开地在你们中间行走，参与你们的社会，随着你们的社会越来越进化成第六个混血种族，你们之间最终没有真正的区别，因为无论如何人类首先是混血的。因为被称为阿奴的古老种族将他们的遗传物质赋予给了你们，创造了智人，在前进和与其他混血种族融合的过程中，通过让你们体内的标记变得越来越混血，已经休眠的遗传标记越来越多地被打开，并在你们的遗传DNA结构中产生差异，使你们能够表达更多通常与混血种族相关的能力。然后最终你们会发现你们的文明将以一种非常不同的方式运作。尤其是在公开接触的想法之后，但首先。我们要提到的是，混血儿童的出生有几个阶段。

Until eventually... one day they can more openly walk among you and take part in your society and as your society becomes more and more and more evolved into and toward the sixth hybrid race then there being ultimately no real difference between you since the human race is first and foremost hybridized anyway.Because of the connection of the ancient race called the Anu which imparted their genetic material to you and created homo sapien and in moving forward and blending with other hybrid races and becoming more hybridized by having the markers within you the genetic markers that have been dormant being turned on more and more and more and creating differences in your genetic DNA structure that allow you to express more of those abilities often associated with the hybrids.Then eventually in time you will find that your civilization will be operating in a very different way.Especially after the idea of open contact,but to begin with.We will mention that there are several phases of the hybrid children coming down.

图片
总的来说，在第一阶段，将有333名混血儿童来到地球。第一批333人中的大多数将是你们所说的青少年。他们会变得更年轻，因为青少年为以后的年轻人铺平了道路，他们需要更多的训练和更多的时间来适应你们的社会。但那些现在大约在你们11岁、12岁、13岁、14岁、15岁、16岁、17岁，有时甚至18岁左右的人将是你们中的第一批，因为他们已经学到了足够的知识，可以进一步训练。通过实际生活在地球上，仍然有时间适应。仍然需要习惯一些事情。但到那时，你们中的许多人，作为混血儿童的父母，将帮助和协助他们学习如何进入你们星球上正在发展的新社会。

In total, for the overall first phase, there will be 333 hybrid children that will come to Earth in that first phase.Most of the first group of the 333 will be what you would call teenagers.They will get younger as the teenagers pave the way for the younger ones to come later who will need more training and more time to acclimate to your society.But the ones that are now somewhere around your 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, sometimes even 18 years old will be the first among you because they will have learned enough to then take their training further.By actually living on the planet, there will still be time for acclimation.There will still be a need to get used to things. But by then, many of you, as the parents of the hybrid children, will be aiding and assisting them in learning their way into the new society that is developing on your planet.

现在，你们中的许多人仍然在经历被带到飞船上帮助和协助这一教学。只是在未来，当他们生活在你们中间时，当他们学到足够的知识时，教学将继续在你们星球的表面进行。但这些青少年已经走得足够远，他们可以开始融入，尽管他们仍然有一些问题和事情让他们感到有点困惑，我们现在想通过向你们转达他们说过的一些话来解决这些问题。我们今天将为你们提供这些信息。所以，首先，一个儿童想说，我了解到，在你们的世界里，你们有很多不同的说话方式。

Now, many of you are still experiencing being taken up to the ships to aid and assist in this teaching now.It's just that in the future, when they live among you, the teaching will continue on the surface of your planet, when they have learned enough.But the teenagers are far enough along that they can begin to fit in, although they still have questions and things that seem a bit confusing to them, which we would like to address now by relaying to you some of the things that they have said.And we will facilitate that information for you today. So, first and foremost, one would like to say, I have learned that in your world you have many different ways of talking.

你们称它们为语言。我已经学会了你们称之为法语的语言，那间小屋是一顶帽子，但夏多布里昂与猫无关，更多的是与你们所说的牛排有关。但我了解到牛排有不同的种类。这是你们吃的牛排。这是一根尖尖的木棍。这是一根你们自己的骨头。有些东西是你们拥有的一部分。你们的语言令人困惑。这需要一些时间来了解如何知道区别。我们已经得到解释，上下文将有助于它在一组单词中的呈现位置和方式。然而，我们也被教导，即使在你们中间，你们也经常对自己的语言感到困惑。

You call them languages. I have learned in the language that you call French，that shack is a cap, but Chateaubriand has nothing to do with cats and has more to do with something you call steak.But I have learned that there are different kinds of steak.There is the steak you eat. There is the steak that is a pointed stick.There is the steak that is something you own. There is something you own a part of. Your language is confusing.It will take some time to understand how to know the difference.We have had it explained to us that the context will help in terms of where and how it is presented in a group of words.Nevertheless, we have also been taught that even among yourselves, you often get confused about your own language.

图片
因此，我们不会太担心我们会引人注目，因为你们中的一些人也会在你们自己的文化中引人注目。另一个孩子想让你们中的许多人知道以下几点。我们深切感谢你们所做的一切。感谢你们为我们的诞生所做的一切。我们代表可能让你们感到恐惧的种族深表歉意。我们中的任何一个人都不想出生在恐惧中。因为我们知道，你们在无条件的爱的不同层面上达成了这一协议。我们希望你们知道，我们将无条件的爱以及我们最深切的感谢和赞赏报答给你们。因为我们热爱我们的生活，尽我们所能地过上充实的生活，我们很高兴有一天能在你们自己的星球上与你们分享我们每天感受到的快乐，因为你们给了我们生命。

Therefore, we are not going to worry so much that we will stand out, because some of you also stand out in your own culture.Another child would like to let many of you know the following.We deeply appreciate what you do. What you have done in bringing us into being.We deeply apologize on behalf of the race that may have caused you fear.It was never any intention on the part of any of us to be born out of fear.For we understand that you made this agreement on a different level from unconditional love.And we want you to know that we return that unconditional love to you for our existence along with our deepest gratitude and appreciation.For we love our lives and live our lives to the fullest that we can and will be very happy to one day share with you on your own planet the joy that we feel every day because you have given us life.

所以我们感谢你们，爸爸妈妈，是你们让我们诞生，也感谢你们为我们设定的未来，我们知道，一旦我们生活在你们中间，我们将与你们分享许多令人兴奋的事情。所以谢谢你们。另一个孩子想大声告诉你们这个想法。以下概念。我不太确定一直坐下来吃饭的想法。这似乎发生在你们的星球上。我在这里和那里的一些事情上相处得很好。这是我们必须一直做的事情吗？坐下来吃饭？我们看了你们的一些电视节目。而且似乎它们上面的很多人也一直在吃饭。

So we thank you, Mom and Dad, for bringing us into being and for the future that we have set before us that we know will contain many exciting things that we can share with you once we live among you.So thank you. Another child would like to pipe up and deliver the idea to you.The following concept. I'm not so sure about this idea of sitting down and eating all the time.That seems to happen on your planet. I get along fine with a few things here and there.Is this something that we will have to do all the time? Sit down and be eating?We have watched some of your television programs. And it seems that many people on them are also eating all the time.

图片
我们已经看到，你们有专门为人们随时吃饭而建造的建筑。我们看到你们像家人一样聚在一起，每天吃几顿饭。我非常担心如果我吃那么多，我会生病的。所以，如果我来了，你们发现我吃得不如你们多，请不要担心。因为我吃的正是我感觉自己需要吃的东西，以及我需要吃的让我对自己感觉良好的食物。所以我希望，如果我不在你们吃饭的时候一直和你们一起吃饭，你们会同意的。另一个孩子想插话说：我注意到你们星球上有很多草地和溪流，我注意到有很多树，我非常喜欢这些树，我希望我能花时间在树林、草地、溪流、山脉和许多开放的地方，以及你们星球上许多有我所爱的各种动物的地方。

And we have seen that you have buildings that are specifically for the purpose of people going to eat all the time.And we have seen that you gather together as families to eat several times a day.I am very concerned that I will be sick if I eat that much. So please do not worry if I come and you find that I am not eating as much as you.For I am eating exactly how I feel I need to eat and the foods that I need to eat that make me feel good about myself.So I hope you will be okay if I do not eat with you all the time that you eat.And another child would like to chime in and say, I have noticed that there are many meadows and streams on your planet and I have noticed that there are many trees and I so do love the trees and I hope I will get to spend time among the trees and among the meadows and among the streams and among the mountains and among many places that are open and many places that have many different kinds of animals on your planet which I love.

我与它们中的一些动物进行了互动。我非常非常爱它们中的许多动物。所以我希望我能有机会与它们中的许多动物互动，我希望我生活在一个有很多很多动物的地方，我希望你们能和我一起穿过树林、草地和森林。并让我们与其中的许多动物互动，因为它们给我讲了许多不同的故事，它们非常有趣，非常聪明，我认为你们可以从它们身上学到很多东西，因为我从他们身上学到了很多东西，我希望我们能一起从他们那里学到很多东西。另一个孩子想添加一些注释。你们称之为笑话的东西是什么？我们不明白这些东西是什么。它们似乎以我们不理解的方式使用你们的语言。

I have interacted with some of them. And I love many of them very, very much. So I hope I will get a chance to interact with many of them and I hope I live in a place where there are many, many animals and I hope you will walk with me through the woods and through the meadows and through the forest.And allow us to interact with many of these animals because they tell me many different kinds of stories and they are very funny and they are very wise and I think that you could learn a lot from them because I have learned a lot from them and I hope we can learn a lot from them together.And another child would like to add a few notes. What is this thing you call jokes?We don't understand what these things are. They seem to use your language in ways that we don't understand.

并不是我们不笑。我们经常笑。但我们不明白，当你们说这些所谓的笑话时，它会让人发笑。我明白这些笑话中可能有一些意想不到的成分，但同样，我对这个笑话的想法有点弄不懂了。所以我希望有人能在我更深入地了解你们的文化时向我解释这些事情，因为我当然会很感激和你们一起笑，很高兴能理解这些笑话是关于什么的。尽管如此，我自己也会笑，我已经在嘲笑你们在你们的星球上所做的许多事情。

It's not that we don't laugh. We laugh a lot.But we don't understand that when you say these so-called joking things, that it makes people laugh.I understand that there may be an unexpected component within some of these jokes but again, the idea of the joke is somewhat lost on me.So I hope there will be someone that can explain these things to me as I learn about your culture more deeply because I would certainly appreciate laughing with you and it would be nice to understand what the jokes are all about.

尽管如此，我自己也会笑，我已经在嘲笑你们在你们的星球上所做的许多事情。这是笑话吗？也许我明白，也许我不明白，但也许你们可以教我更多关于笑话的知识。当我来到你们的世界时，我期待着这个想法。所以这会很有趣。现在我们可以简要地做些什么。如果在这个小的特殊部分有任何特殊的问题，无论你的名字是否被画出来，你想问其中一个孩子，他们愿意回答三个问题。

Nevertheless, I will also be laughing myself and I am already laughing at many of the things that I see you doing down there on your planet.Is that the joke? Maybe I get it and maybe I don't, but maybe you can teach me more about jokes.I am looking forward to that idea when I arrive on your world. So that would be fun.Now what we can do briefly.If there are in this small special section any particular questions whether your name has been drawn or not that you would like to ask one of the children, they are willing to answer three questions.


