巴夏：人类之前的文明
2025.9.9
在人类出现之前，还有其他来自群星的文明来到地球，建造了其他建筑，并在地球上生活了相当长的一段时间。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2025年6月14日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hi, Bashar. 

巴夏：你也是，你好。我能帮你什么吗？

And to you, good day. How can I help you?

问：你们的星球离地球有多远？

How far away is your planet from Earth? 

巴夏：好吧，这完全是另外一个现实，但它大约在500光年之外。你明白这个距离吗？

Well, it's in another reality altogether, but it's about 500 light years away.Do you understand that distance? 

问：是的。

Yes. 

巴夏：但这是在另一个现实中，所以除非你把你的振动转换到我们的平行现实中，否则你看不到我们的恒星系统。

All right. But it's in another reality, so you can't see our star 

system unless you shift your vibration to our parallel reality.

问：在我们（人类）之前谁在这里？

Who was here before us?

巴夏：在你们之前，谁在地球上？

 Who was on Earth before you?

问：是的。

Yes. 

巴夏：在人类出现之前，还有其他来自群星的文明来到地球，建造了其他建筑，并在地球上生活了相当长的一段时间。


There have been other civilizations from the stars that have come and built other structures and lived on Earth for quite some time, before the time of humans. 

图片
在接下来的几年里，当你们被公开介绍给外星人后，你们会发现这些信息，并将你们的历史和你们的历史记录带到你们的世界，向你们展示你们的整个历史以及在你们之前谁在这里。

You will find out that information after you are introduced openly to extraterrestrials in the next couple of years and that bring your history and records of your history to your world to show you your entire history and who was here before you.

问：你是怎么传讯的？

How do you channel？

巴夏：在你们进入改变的状态之前，坐在椅子上的物质管道会改变脑电波，使其更接近我们大脑的频率。然后我们改变我们的脑电波，使其更接近他的脑电波频率。
The physical channel sitting in the chair before you goes into an altered state and alters the brain waves that come closer to matching the frequency of our brain.And then we alter our brain waves to become closer to the frequency of his brain waves.


在中间的某个地方，我们相遇了。这些振动就像两个音叉和谐地振动一样。这样我的想法就会被管道的大脑翻译成他能理解的语言。

Somewhere in the middle, we meet. And those vibrations lock like two tuning forks vibrating in harmony.So that my thoughts are then translated by the channel's brain into the language he understands.

问：你们在哪里购物？

Where do you guys shop? 

图片
巴夏：我们不购物。我们没有商店。制造我们需要的东西的人只是制造它们，我们同步地能够利用它们——我们的星球与你们的星球运作方式非常不同。
We don't shop.We don't have shops. The people that manufacture the things that we need simply manufacture them and we synchronistically are capable of utilizing them our planet operates very differently than your planet.

问：谢谢。

Thank you. 

巴夏：不客气。一定要明白，这个孩子将在一个外星人一直存在的世界里长大。
You are welcome.Do understand that this child will grow up in a world where ETs exist all the time.

