巴夏：公开接触无法避免
25.10.10
在你们的社会中公开介绍外星人必将在未来五年内发生。

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

巴夏：好的，好的。我们向你们每一个人，无论是个人还是集体的，表达我们最深切的感激之情，感谢你们今天共同创造了这次互动。正如这个标题“接触倒计时”所示，我们将讨论一下接触本身的概念。

All right, all right.We extend to each and every one of you, individually, and all of you together, collectively, our deepest appreciation and gratitude for the co-creation of this interaction this day of your time.As this has been titled, the Countdown to Contact, we will discuss a little bit about the idea of contact itself.

正如我们所说的，公开接触，将外星存有引入你们的社会现在是不可避免的，而且是在一个时间线上，在你们的社会中公开介绍外星人必将在未来五年内发生。我们的想法是要明白，虽然这看起来相对较快，但正如你所说，在相当长的一段时间里，幕后发生了很多事情。

As we have said, open contact, the introduction of extraterrestrial beings to your society is now inevitable and is on a timelinewherein introductions publicly of extraterrestrials in your society will take place within the next five of your years.The idea is to understand that while this may seem relatively quick, a lot has been going on, as you say, behind the scenes, for quite some time.

与你们科学界的不同成员、政府当局的不同成员进行了间歇性的讨论，以确定何时以及如何进行介绍，从而以最佳方式为你们的社会服务。接触方式可能会根据你们星球上发生的事情而不时改变，但在这一点上，这是一件很快就会发生的事情，因为是时候这样做了。

There have been intermittent discussions with different members of your scientific community, different members of your governmental authorities, to set up the idea of exactly when and how introductions will be made that will serve your society in the best possible way.The style of contact may change from time to time depending on what's going on, on your planet, but at this point, it is something that will occur very quickly because it is time for it to do so.


是时候让你们的社会开始接受这样一个想法，即你们并不孤单，你们有能力最终成为银河社会的一员。所以，这个想法是让你们在自己内部审视，这对你们意味着什么的整个概念，了解你们现在在身体上、面对面地与那些不是起源于你们星球的存有建立了联系，与那些有着不同观点、不同想法的存有建立了联系。作为人类，就像智人一样。


Time for your society to begin to open up to the idea that you are not alone, that you have the capability of becoming members of a galactic society eventually.So the idea is for you to examine within yourselves, the whole concept of what that will mean to you, to understand that you now have connection physically, face to face, with beings who did not originate on your planet, with beings who have different perspectives, different ideas than anything you have ever experienced within interactions among yourselves as human beings, as homo sapiens sapiens.

现在我们明白，并且已经讨论过，作为智人，你们已经是一个混血物种。因为在你们星球上进化的自然原始人，你们用不同的名字称呼他们，比如直立人等等，已经被一个在你们的语言中被称为阿奴的外星种族进行了基因改造。从基因上讲，这让你们已经部分地是外星人了。

Now we understand, and have talked about the idea that you are already, as homo sapiens sapiens, a hybridized species.Because the natural hominid that evolved upon your planet, which you refer to by different names such as homo erectus and so forth, was already genetically altered by a race of extraterrestrials that in your language is known as the Anu.This makes you already partly extraterrestrial, genetically speaking.

因此，你们与许多其他外星人有着基因上的连接。当然，我的文明和许多其他混血物种都是你们基因的直接分支，也是你们每个人所包含的基因的混合物。因此，这个想法是，我们已经是一家人了。我们已经以许多不同的方式连接在一起。当接触发生时，比你们现在可能经历的更多，你可能会在接触后，在外星人的物理存在下，开始更强烈地感受到这种连接。

And therefore there are many other extraterrestrials to which you are genetically connected.Of course, my civilization and many other hybrids are direct offshoots of your genetics and the mixture of genetics that each of you contains.The idea therefore is that we are already family. We are already connected in many different ways.When contact occurs, more than you may experience it now, you may, upon contact, upon physical presence of extraterrestrials, start to energetically feel that connection more strongly.


充满能量地和遗传上地。在接触到许多外星人的振动时，你可能会突然发现自己对他们中的许多人非常熟悉。这将有助于了解你们是一个更大的家庭，一个银河大家庭的一部分，你们是同意参与地球体验的灵魂，目的是学习、成长、分享信息，帮助和协助整个宇宙中的许多存有。这将有助于了解你们是一个更大的家庭，一个银河大家庭的一部分，你们是同意参与地球体验的灵魂，目的是学习、成长、分享信息，帮助和协助整个宇宙中的许多存有。


Energetically and genetically. In being exposed to the vibration of many extraterrestrials, you may suddenly find yourself feeling very familiar with many of them.This will help, in the idea of knowing that you are part of a larger family, a galactic family, that you are souls who have agreed to participate in the Earth experience for the purpose of learning, growing, sharing information that aids and assists many beings throughout the cosmos.

你们可能会觉得你们已经被孤立了很长时间，但就我们对你们的认识以及你们在地球上的经历对宇宙、天地万物、多元宇宙、其他维度、灵性上的其他存有的影响和效果而言，你们在任何时候都没有被孤立。你们中的许多人长期以来一直认为自己是一个幼儿园班级。但正如我们所说，你们真的是一个大师毕业班。因为正如我们所说，地球是一所具有挑战性的学校。

You may feel that you have been isolated for a long time, but you have not been isolated at any time whatsoever in terms of our awareness of you and your effect and impact that your experiences on Earth are having for other beings in the cosmos, in the universe, in the multiverse, in other dimensions, in spirit.Many of you have thought of yourselves for a long time as a kind of kindergarten class.But you are, as we have said, really a master graduating class. Because, as we have said, Earth is a challenging school.


这是你们进入深度限制的机会，让自己找到方法，发现如何以强大的方式改变它，重新获得并记住自己是强大的灵魂。通过这样做，以及改变对自由的限制，将黑暗转变为光明，将负面转变为正面，无论你们最初在其中有多深，这对宇宙中所有观察你们创造性地做到这一点的人来说都是一个很好的经验。

It is the opportunity for you to come into deep limitation and allow yourselves to find the ways to discover how to transform it in powerful ways, to reclaim and remember yourselves as powerful souls.And in so doing, and in changing limitation to freedom, darkness into light, negative into positive, no matter how deeply you may have been originally ensconced within it, is a great lesson for all within the cosmos who observe the ways in which you creatively do that.


