巴夏：关于首次接触
25.12.18
在公开接触之后，人类首先会与隐藏在我们中间的歪X混血儿童接触
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2025年11月22日

问：好的。我们还有最后几个关于歪X人的问题。第一个问题是，哪个歪X种族将是我们首先接触的？
Okay. And we have the last few questions about ETs. This one, first one is, which race of extraterrestrials will be the first ones that we mingle with?

巴夏：外星混血儿已经在你们中间了，因为你们已经混合在一起了，不管你们是否知道。在公开接触后，他们会向你们透露他们是谁，这样你们就可以与他们交往，更公开地与他们交流。在那之后，最有可能的是，七姐妹星人会让你们知道他们自己。

The extraterrestrial hybrids that are already among you, because you're already mingling, whether you know it or not. After open contact, they will be revealed to you as to who they are, so you can mingle with them and communicate with them more openly. After that, most likely, the Pleiadians will make themselves known to you. 


问：这位五年级的老师想知道他们多久会有学生公开会面外星人或混血儿童。

And this fifth grade teacher wants to know how soon they'll have students who have openly met ETs or hybrid children.


巴夏：最多在未来十年内。


Within the next decade, at the most. 


问：当公开接触发生时，我们如何能够区分人造飞船和来自外星的飞船，那些来自其他行星的飞船？
And how will we be able to discern human-made ships and ships from ETs from those that are from other planets when open contact occurs?

巴夏：通过他们的负载量，通过他们的能力。尽管人类已经对外星飞船的一些技术进行了逆向工程，但它们的功能仍然处于较低水平。它们仍然更多，通俗地说，更多的是螺母和螺栓类型的飞船。而更先进的飞船可以做到你们的人类版本不能做到的事情。所以你们会知道区别的。


By their capacity, by their abilities. Even though humans have reverse engineered some of the technology of extraterrestrial ships, they are still sort of functioning on a lower level.They're still more, colloquially speaking, nuts and bolts types of ships. Whereas the more advanced ships can do things that your human versions cannot. So you will know the difference.


问：好的，关于第一次接触，这件事会是一件作为真实发生的很难否认的事情吗？

Okay, and in regards to first contact, is this event going to be something 

that's difficult to deny as something that's really happening?



巴夏：这将是不可否认的。现在，这并不意味着没有人会否认这一点。我只是说，总的来说，对于相对理性的人来说，这是不可否认的。

It will be undeniable. Now, that doesn't mean that there aren't people who will deny it. I'm just saying that in general, for people who are relatively rational, it will be undeniable.

