多米诺：准备接触
25.9.19
我们不会强迫任何人接受公开接触的理念，但我们深知在十年或二十年的时间里。你们社会中许多原本选择退缩的人将会开始意识到，与我们互动有很多好处，以至于如果他们不加入的话。他们将陷入某种堪称新石器时代的境地。
            译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2025年9月14日
巴夏：好的，我就用你们今天的这个时间跟你们说声早安。你们都好吗？好的好的。你们都很害羞，又很孤僻。让我们先提醒你们，就目前情况而言，全面公开披露和公开接触的可能性是在现在到你们的2027年之间。
All right, I'll say good day to you this day of your time. How are you all?All right. All right. You're all so shy and withdrawn.Let us begin by reminding you that as it stands now,the probabilities of full disclosure and open contact are between now and your year of 2027.

正如我们在上次传讯中所说明的，为了让你们聚焦于2027年不只是一个预测。但是某种能让你专注于这种能量的东西，专注于这种可能性，朝着这个方向前进。并将其显化为可能发生的最高概率。因此，这是你们积极参与创造并促成发生的事情。

And to allow you to focus on the idea as we explained in the last transmission that the focusing on the year year of 2027 is not simply a prediction.But something that allows you to focus on that energy to focus on that probability, to navigate yourselves in that direction.And to manifest that as the highest probability that will come to pass.So it is something that you are actively involved in creating to happen.


这个想法是，对某些人来说，可能觉得距离现在只有两年的公开接触似乎太快了，来得太急了。但你们星球上许多人并未意识到，这正是几十年来外星人一直在与你们星球上某些学科的人合作的某项活动的高潮。因此，在幕后一直有许多活动，许多发展。因此，很简单，你们的2027年代表了所有这一切的终极体现。

The idea is that to some people it may seem that only two years from now to have open contact is something that seems almost too quick, too soon.But what many people on your planet don't realize is this is the culmination of something that has been going on where ETs have been working with people on your planet in certain disciplines for decades.And therefore, behind the scenes there has been much activity, much development.And therefore, it is simply that your year of 2027 represents the timing that is the culmination of all of that.

因此，被披露的信息与其说是即将开始发生的事情。不如说这些事情一直在发生，而你们大多数人却对此一无所知。使你们的社会达到了一个你们现在对我们存在的概念足够熟悉的地步。这样它就不会对你们的社会造成如此大的冲击。我们理解，有些人可能会对这样的揭露感到震惊和惊讶，这没关系。

And therefore the release of the information of not so much what is going to begin to happen.But what has been happening without most of you knowing about it to bring your society to a point where you are now familiar enough with the idea of our presence.So that it does not come as such a shock to your society.We understand there will be those who may be shocked, surprised by such a revelation,and that is all right.


他们仍有机会自行决定如何以及何时能够吸收和整合这些将公开宣布的信息，并将其融入他们自己的生活，融入他们自己的理解中.而我们理解，可能有某些团体和国家会退缩，保留他们自己，我们将允许这种情况发生。


It is still within the timing where they are given an opportunity to decide for themselves exactly how and when they might be able to absorb and integrate that information that will be publicly announced into their own lives, into their own understanding.And we understand there may be certain groups and nations that may pull back and keep to themselves and we will allow this.

我们不会强迫任何人接受公开接触的理念，但我们深知在十年或二十年的时间里。你们社会中许多原本选择退缩的人将会开始意识到，与我们互动有很多好处，以至于如果他们不加入的话。他们将陷入某种堪称新石器时代的境地。

We are not forcing the idea of open contact on anyone, but we know that over the course of a decade or two.Many people in your society that may have chosen to be withdrawn will start to realize that there are so many benefits to interacting with us that if they do not join.They would be left in what you might call the new Stone Age.


因此他们最终会意识到，选择加入既符合他们的利益，也符合所有人的利益。因为他们仍然能够选择在他们自己的时机，在他们自己的舒适区以自己的方式做到这一点，当然，在未来的几十年里，许多现在在你们星球上身居要职的人都会进入灵魂状态。

And therefore they will finally realize that it is to their benefit and the benefit of all for them to choose to come on board.For again they will still be able to choose how they do this in their own way,at their own timing, in their comfort zone.And also of course over the next couple of decades, many people now in positions of authority on your planet will pass into spirit.

让新一代崛起，一代熟悉这个想法的人，他们将在我们存在于你们星球上的漫长岁月里一直生活在这个想法中。你们必须记住，几十年来当人类一直在太空中时，当人类总是向他们猜测其他星球上其他地方是否有生命时，有一些人出生在你们的星球上。这是现在你们星球上许多年轻一代的新常态。

Allowing a new generation to come up, a generation that is familiar with the idea and will have lived with the idea for years and years of our presence on your planet.You must remember that now for decades there are people that have been being born on your planet when humans have always been in space,when humans have always to them speculated about life elsewhere on other planets.This is something that is now the new normal for many of the younger generations on your planet.


所以这对他们来说也就不那么意外了。这个想法是，这在相当长一段时间内一直被称为众所周知却无人言说的最大秘密。因此，当它最终正式向你揭露时，许多人只会感到宽慰。会觉得他们一直都知道这种情况在持续发生,现在他们能够让自己更轻松地呼吸，并利用你们将获得的来自外星人的礼物，以及你们将被允许探索的能力，以及所有适合以任何速度任何步伐和方式与人类分享的信息。


So it will not be such a surprise to them.The idea is that this now for quite some time has been referred to as the biggest secret that everyone already knows.And therefore when it is finally officially revealed to you, many people will simply feel relief.Will feel that they have known that this is happening all the time and all along and will be able to allow themselves now to breathe more easily and take advantage of what you will be given the gifts that will be brought to you from extraterrestrials.And the capabilities that you will be allowed to explore and all the information that is appropriate to share with humanity in whatever pace, whatever rate,and whatever way.

你告诉我们你准备好了，你向我们表明你们准备好接受。我们会在那里引导你，但我们不会强迫你做任何事情。 你们将能够不时地有机会与我们中的许多人进行互动。我们不会永远无处不在地守护着你们的星球，但你们会知道我们就在这里。

You tell us you are ready, you show us you are ready to receive.We will be there to guide you, but we will not be there to force you to do anything.We will be there to guide you, but we will not be there to force you to do anything.You will be able to interact with many of us from time to time.We will not always be everywhere on your planet all the time, but you will know we are here.


你们将拥有一定的能力与混血物种和七姐妹星人互动，他们将向你们展示自己。你们将能够充分利用我们将以一种允许你们不断进化的方式向你们世界的人民提供的信息。所以，让你自己专注于2027年的想法，它不仅仅是作为一个预测，而是作为你们可以积极参与并专注的事情。

You will have certain abilities to interact with the hybrids and the Pleiadians that will reveal themselves to you.And you will be able to take advantage of the information that we will dispense to the people of your world in a way that will allow you to evolve.So, allow yourselves to focus on the idea of 2027, not just as a prediction,but as something you can be actively involved in focusing on.

以体验的方式积极地将这种可能性显化到你的现实中。感受它的真实，感受它日复一日地在你周围结晶。你们已经邀请了我们，我们欣然接受了你们的邀请，那么，让派对开始吧。我知道你们中许多人都有非常丰富的想象力，但我可以向你们保证。你们仍会对你们的社会所能获得的一些物品感到惊讶。所以，敞开心扉，做好准备，像孩子一样怀抱惊奇，像孩子那样充满好奇之心。

Bringing about actively manifesting that probability into your reality in an experiential way.Feel the reality of it, feel it crystallizing around you day by day.You have invited us, we have accepted your invitation, so let the party begin.I know that many of you have very vivid imaginations, but I can promise you.You will still be surprised by some of the things that will be made available to your society.So, be open, be prepared, be full of wonder as a child, be full of curiosity as a child.

