新闻发布会公开外星人
2025.7.30

2027年很可能会通过公告、新闻发布会或其他类似方式来宣布外星人的存在。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
HCC：你在上次采访中提到，政府将引领公开接触。那么，美国是否会成为这些政府之一呢还是不会？
You had recently mentioned in our last interview that governments are going to be leading open contact. Will it be, will the United States be one of those governments or not? Yes. 

达里尔：是的，我相信，至少根据我目前的理解，当公开接触发生时，会有一个协调的信息发布和外星人的协调引入，理想情况下是在几年内。所以，我认为世界各地的不同政府机构将会协同合作，以确定具体的时间安排，但很可能会通过公告、新闻发布会或其他类似方式来宣布这一消息。

Yes. I do believe, my understanding so far anyway, is that there will be a coordinated release of information, a coordinated introduction of ETs when open contact occurs, ideally within a couple of years.So yeah, I think different government agencies around the world will be coordinating to figure out what the timing for that is precisely, but that it will probably be done something along the line of an announcement or a press conference or something along that line.

HCC：所以，你的意思是，似乎会商定一个特定的日期，还是说这更多取决于我们的“振动频率”是否一致？
So for that, it seems like you're saying there will probably be like a specific date that is agreed upon, or is it more based upon our vibrational alignment?

达里尔：嗯，两者都有。还有其他几个因素，包括外星人认为合适的时机。但就像我说的，我现在很确定我们是在说2027年。我不知道最终会定在哪一天，但迄今为止的所有迹象似乎都表明，那将是2027年。

Well, both. Both. And several other factors as well, including when the ETs believe that it's appropriate. But like I said, I'm pretty sure now that we're looking at 2027 as the year.I don't know what the date itself would be that would be settled on, but all indications so far seem to indicate that it'll be in 2027.



图片
HCC：不错，好的。如果你确定了那个日期，请告诉我们。你最好先来这里告诉我们。之前还有人提到，外星人一直在密切关注着世界上的核武库，他们不会允许发生毁灭地球的核攻击。
Nice. Well, let us know if you get that date. You'd better come here and tell us first. It had also been mentioned that aliens keep a close watch on the world's nuclear arsenal and wouldn't allow an Earth-ending nuclear attack.

达里尔：对。

Right. 

HCC：如果战争演变成人们使用核武器，那么只有调停吗？
Is there only intercession if a war becomes where people are using nuclear weapons?

达里尔：如果某事物具有毁灭性，以至于无法留在地球上，那么就会对其进行干预。换句话说，它会渗透到其他维度，给我们的后院之外带来问题。除此之外，我相信他们通常有一个不干涉指令，但在这个特殊的时候，我认为他们可能会提高一点防止大规模灾难发生的能力。无论他们的理由是什么，在这一点上，人类和地球继续存在都是非常重要的。因此，

外星人议程中有一些东西使这个特定的时机更有能力让外星人介入。

There's an intervention if it is something that is so devastating it wouldn't remain on Earth.In other words, it would penetrate into other dimensions, cause problems outside of our backyard.Other than that, I believe they generally have a non-interference directive, but at this particular time, I think that they may be stepping up a little bit their ability to prevent a large scale disaster from happening. It's very important for whatever their reasons are at this point that humanity and the Earth continue. So, there is something in the ET agenda that makes this particular timing a little bit more capable of the ET stepping in. 

并且我认为这可能与即将到来的披露和公开接触的想法有关，因为现在是他们认识到地球上正在发生的事情需要他们介入的时候了，以提供必要的指导，确保人类及其进化道路在这一点上确实延续到未来。所以，是的，很明显，他们可能仍然不会直接阻止我们星球上正在发生的战争或冲突。

 And again, I think that may have something to do with the idea of disclosure coming up and open contact coming up in that it's time that they recognize there are things going on on the planet 

that do now require them to step in somewhat to provide the guidance necessary to make sure that humanity and its evolutionary path at this point does continue into the future. So, yes, they may still, obviously, they're, you know, not stopping anything that's going on right now directly in terms of wars or conflicts that exist on our planet. 

我不知道他们会允许到什么程度，你知道的。任何更具破坏性的事情都会发生。你知道，我说过这样一种观点，即使是一个相对较小的、未引用的引用，即使是在一个地区的战术核武器也可能不够。我不知道。但我们得拭目以待。但他们不会允许全面的核战争。我认为他们已经清楚地表明，当我们收到许多关于不明飞行物飞越导弹、发射井基地、扰乱发射代码等的报告时，这是一个直接的、我认为非常明确的信息，不允许发动全面的核战争。

And I don't know to what degree they will allow,you know.Anything to happen that's even more devastating. You know, I've talked about the idea that even a small, quote unquote, that's relative, even a tactical nuke in one area may not be enough. I don't know.But we'll have to sort of see. But they won't allow a full scale nuclear war. And I think they've clearly demonstrated that when we have many reports of UFOs over missiles, silo bases, scrambling the launch codes and things like that as a direct and I think very clear message that will not be allowed to launch a full scale nuclear war. 

图片


因此，我认为这已经搁置了相当长的一段时间，至少几十年了。所以，是的，因为，同样，释放那么多能量实际上会撕裂到其他维度，你知道，诸如此类。这将超出我们的后院，在那里，你知道，我们会影响其他意识，其他与我们无关的现实。

So that I think has been off the table for quite some time now, a couple of decades at least. And that would be going outside our backyard where, you know, we'd be affecting other consciousnesses, other realities that really have nothing to do with us.

HCC：不错。公开接触最初会以什么形式发生？它会像一艘飞船一样吗？它会是物理的吗？
Nice. What form will open contact originally happen in? Will it be like the form of a ship?Will it be physical?

达里尔：我认为首先，我们将看到越来越多的目击事件，越来越清晰的目击事件和更多的目击记录。让我们真正习惯了飞船在这里，它们在这里。所以我认为，在未来一年左右的时间里，我们会看到这种情况的增加，直到我们突然无法否认它们的存在。有太多的证据，太多清晰的图像被记录和拍摄，诸如此类。

I think first what we're going to get is more and more and more sightings and more and more clear sightings and more recordings of sightings.Allowing us to really get used to the fact that the ships are here, that they're here.So I think we'll see an increase in that over the next year or so until we just suddenly can't really deny that they do exist. There's just so much evidence, so much clear images that have been recorded and photographed and stuff like that. 

这可能会导致引入和揭示，像混血物种这样的存有实际上一直在我们中间，帮助某些科学家，帮助与某些政府官员合作，在技术方面已经进行了几十年或几十年，诸如此类的事情正在出现。所以我认为第一步将是揭露我们中间的混血外星人。然后，下一步将是介绍那些可能更远程地提供帮助的混血外星人。所以我们正在考虑引入混血物种。我们正在寻求七姐妹星人的引入。然后，你知道，在那之后，无论是快速还是缓慢，都会介绍其他物种。

And that will probably lead up to the introduction and revelation that beings like hybrids have actually been among us all this time, helping certain scientists, helping working with certain government officials to do certain things that have been already been going on for a couple of decades or several decades in terms of technology and things like that that are coming up.So I think the first step would be the revelation of those that have been among us. And then, the next step would be the introduction of those that have been helping maybe more remotely.So we're looking at the introduction of hybrids. We're looking at the introduction of Pleiadians.And then, you know, after that, an introduction, whether fast or slow, of other species as well.

图片
HCC：哇！你能谈谈Rh阴性血型吗？此外，如果这里有混血物种，有什么证据可以使混血物种在医学或物质层面上有所不同？
Wow. Can you talk about the Rh negative blood type? And also, if there's been hybrids here, what are some of what's some of the evidence that would make a hybrid different in terms of what could be analyzed medically or on a physical level?

达里尔：我真的无法回答这个问题。我知道巴夏目前没有谈到血液中的Rh因子，所以我没有他与我们分享的真实信息可以与你们分享。我们中间的混血物种显然是无法检测到的。所以他们看起来很像我们，我们无法分辨他们是什么。从医学角度来看，是的，他们的DNA可能存在差异，我们可以指出并说，看，这显然不是典型的人类。

I really can't answer that deeply. I know Bashar does not at this point talk about the Rh factor in blood, so I have no real information to share with you that he shared with us.The hybrids that are among us obviously are undetectable. So they obviously look like us enough that we can't tell what they are.In terms of a medical way of telling, well, yeah, there may be differences in their DNA 

that we could point to and say, well, look, that's obviously not a typical human.

但是再次我认为，当介绍出来时，我们会通过其他方式知道。因为混血物种本身。有能力和方法来证明他们现在根本没有做什么，这样他们就可以说，在他们帮助我们的时候，他们可以继续做秘密工作。所以我认为这将与他们愿意向我们透露的内容以及他们被介绍时显而易见的内容有很大关系。然后，当然，如果有人想去，好吧，让我们，你知道，让我们检查他们的DNA。还有。那么，让我们看看真正的区别是什么，你知道，这可能会发生。

But again, I think that when the introduction is made, there will be other ways in which we'll know.Because the hybrids themselves. Have abilities and ways of demonstrating what they are that they're simply not doing right now so that they can remain undercover, so to speak, while they're helping us.So I think it's going to have a lot to do with what they're willing to reveal to us and what will be obvious when they are introduced.And then, sure, you know, if somebody wants to go, well, let's, you know, let's examine their DNA.And. Let's see what the real differences are, then, you know, that that may happen. 


