巴夏：60年后的互动
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年03月05日 06:00 辽宁
前言
届时，我们将在你们的星球上，能够与你们进行直接的面对面互动。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2018年12月2日

问：好的。所以，有人想知道，60年后你打算如何与我们交谈？

Okay. So, somebody else wanted to know, like, how are you going to talk to us 60 years from now?

巴夏：非常好，谢谢。届时，我们将在你们的星球上，能够与你们进行直接的面对面互动。在那之前，当然，但到那时，肯定。

Very well, thank you. We will be physically on your planet at that time and capable of direct face-to-face interaction.Before that time, of course, but by that time, certainly. 

问：好的。也许那个人现在晚上会睡得更好。

Okay. Maybe that person will sleep better at night now.

巴夏：也许他们会，也许他们不会。他们可能会害怕看到我们到来。

Maybe they will, and maybe they won't. They might be scared to see us coming.

问：好吧，你们看起来确实不同。

Well, you do look different. 

巴夏：我们确实不同，但没关系。你们会习惯我们的。

We do, but that's all right. You'll get used to us.

问：你认为人们没有意识到他们会有点害怕见到你们吗？

Do you think that people don't realize that they would be kind of scared to see you? 

巴夏：有些人可能没有意识到这一点。这就是为什么我们会保留，直到我们知道这不会发生。它不会以任何方式、特征或形式推动你们。

Some people may not realize it.This is why we hold back until we know that it will not happen. It will not, in any way, shape, or form, throw you off.

问：所以，这有点像，如果一个人没有完全整合意识分隔的问题，并且让他们接近你们的振动，即使他们认为自己可能已经足够整合来处理它。他们实际上会发现你很可怕，并把所有的恐惧都投射到你看起来不同的事实上？

So, it's kind of like if a person has not fully integrated compartmentalized issues, and they get into the proximity of your vibration, that even though they think they might be integrated enough to handle it.They would actually find you scary and project all the fear that's coming up on the fact that you look different?

巴夏：或者以其他方式来解释他们的感受，但他们正在感受他们自己的恐惧。他们并不真正害怕我们，他们害怕的是他们自己。

Or something else as a reason to explain what they're feeling, but they're feeling their own fear.They're not really scared of us. They're scared of themselves. 

图片
问：对。我只是假设，因为你说人们实际上会陷入精神性休克。

Right. I just assumed, because you say people would actually go into psychotic shock.

巴夏：他们可能会。他们可能会。如果他们还没有准备好处理他们拒绝审视自己内心、拒绝融入自己的事情，他们可能会精神崩溃。如果他们只是继续坚持不在更高频率的情况下整合这些东西。

They could. They could. If they're not ready to handle the upswelling of the things that they refuse to look at within themselves, refuse to integrate within themselves, they could have a psychotic break.If they simply continue to insist on not integrating those things in the presence of a much higher frequency.

问：既然你是准物质存有，这会有点像看到鬼吗？

And, since you're quasi-physical, would it be kind of like seeing a ghost? 

巴夏：有时侯。有些人可能会这样看待我们，但我们也可以被非常坚固地看待，如果你愿意的话。取决于你所处的频率状态，以及在这些接触中我们需要处于的什么频率状态是合适的。

Sometimes.Some people may perceive us that way, but we can also be perceived very solidly, if you wish.Depends upon the frequency state that you're in, and what's appropriate for the frequency state we need to be in in those contact encounters.

一开始，我们可能看起来有点薄而几乎透明。稍微不够坚固，以缓解过渡，然后随着时间的推移，我们可能会变得更加坚固。所以这可能是它发生的一些方式，因为以前其他文明也有过这种情况。我们有点显现了，有点消失了，显现更多一点，变得更坚固一点，更坚固一点。

At the beginning, it may be that we appear a little bit filmy. a little bit less than solid to ease the transition in, and then we may get more solid appearing over time. So that might be some of the ways that it could happen, because it has happened that way with other civilizations before. We sort of show up a little bit, disappear a little bit, show up a little bit more, get a little more solid, a little more solid.

他们伸出手。起初，他们可能会穿过我们，然后伸出手，然后我们摸起来可能会觉得有点海绵似的，然后他们伸出手，或者我们摸起来可能会感觉有点坚固，但仍然有一些海绵般的抵抗力，然后他们伸出手来，他们实际上可以作为一个坚固的存有来触摸我们。

They reach out. At first, they may pass through us, and then they reach out, and then we may feel a little bit squishy, and then they reach out, or we might feel just a little bit more solid but still have some idea of spongy resistance, and then they reach out, and they can actually touch us as a solid being. 

我们的皮肤会感觉与你们的非常不同。它几乎感觉像是你们能想象到的最精细、最精细、最精细、最精细的晶体物质，因为它和你们的皮肤不完全一样。作为一种物质存在，我们的构造中有更多关于晶体硅物质的想法，这也是我们能够以如此高的频率振动的原因之一。

Our skin will feel very different than yours. It'll almost feel like the finest,finest, finest, finest form of crystalline substance that you can imagine, because it's not exactly the same kind of skin as yours. We have a lot more of the idea of crystalline silicon substance within our makeup as a physical being, which is one of the reasons why we can vibrate at such a high frequency.

你们的大脑、身体和细胞结构中正在获得更多的二氧化硅晶体，随着时间的推移，这将使你能够处理更高频率的能量。但即使是你们的一些医生也注意到，你们体内出现了更多的二氧化硅和硅。

You are gaining more silica crystals within your brains, within your bodies, within your cellular structures, and over time, this will allow you to become capable of handling higher frequency energies.But even some of your medical practitioners have noticed that there is more silica appearing and silicon appearing in your bodies.

图片
问：所以我只是在想，如果发生这种情况，当你与某人接触时，随着个人频率的变化，你的频率也会发生变化。事实上，凝固将在两个方向上发生。转移到更高频率的人会认为你很坚固，因为他们的频率已经发生了变化，并适应了你的物理存在。

So and I was just thinking that if that were happening where you were having contact with someone that as the individual's frequency shifted,as did yours.The solidifications would actually be happening both directions.And that the person shifting to the higher frequency would perceive you as solid because their frequency has shifted and acclimated to your physical presence.

巴夏：是的，是的，是的。哦，顺便说一句，是的。

Yes, yes, yes. Oh, and by the way, yes.

