巴夏：Tic Tac飞船
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月19日 06:00 辽宁
前言

这是一种由混血种族乘坐的胶囊型飞船，既可以充当飞船又可以充当潜艇进入大海。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2021年9月18日

问：谈到你之前提到的Tic Tacs，你能告诉我们更多关于这些飞船的信息吗？它们是什么颜色的？实际尺寸是多少？里面看起来是什么样子的？有不同的房间和卧室吗？每艘飞船上有多少混血儿童和成人？它们目前在哪里，或者现在地球周围有很多这样的飞船吗？

So talking about the Tic Tacs that you mentioned before, can you tell us more about the ships?What color are they? What are the actual dimensions? What do they look like inside?Are there different rooms and chambers? How many hybrid children and adults are on each ship?And where are they currently, or are there very many of them around Earth right now?

巴夏：它们往往是白色或珍珠色的，尽管存在一些差异。以及出于各种原因做出的其他一些选择。它们的大小取决于它们的功能。平均来说，根据你们的计数术语，它们的平均长度可能约为40英尺。在大多数腔室中，有几个不同的房间，它们具有不同的功能。

They tend to be whitish or pearlescent, though there are some differences.And some other choices that have been made for various reasons. They range in size depending upon their function.On average, they might be about 40 feet long in your terms of counting. There are, in most of them, a few different chambers that serve different functions.

图片

混血儿童可能存在于飞船房间之内，并非所有人都是混血儿童。有些时候那里有。但其中存在的混血存有大多是雅耶奥。有时是莎耶奥。这个想法是，飞船可能会时不时地接待其他来访的人。它们的混合物，正如你所说，它们的来源大多在水下，这就是为什么它们是这种形状的原因，因为它们的功能就像潜艇和宇宙飞船一样。

Hybrid beings that may exist within them, not all of them are the hybrid children. A few times there are.But the hybrid beings that exist within them are mostly Yahyel. Sometimes Shayel. The idea is they may harbor others from time to time that are visiting.Their compounds, as you say, their bases are mostly underwater, which is why they're that shape, because they function like submarines as well as spaceships.

平均而言，任何一个特定的飞船可能只有10到十几人左右。也许更少，也许更多。这取决于特定飞船。它们不大。他们将在几个地方建立地下和水下基地。你们已经注意到，其中一个位于你们所知道的北美洲西海岸附近，在南部地区你们所知道的圣地亚哥附近。在你们星球周围还有其他地方也有，我们将在未来的某个时候谈论。

The population in any given one may simply be, on average, about 10 to a dozen.Maybe less, maybe more. Depends. They're not large.They will have underground and underwater bases at several places.You already have been alerted to the fact that one of them is off the western coast of your North America in the southern regions near the area you know as San Diego.There are other places around your planet as well that we will talk about at some time in the future.

图片

问：我听说在凯阿拉凯库亚湾看到了一艘水下飞船。

I've heard of sightings of an underwater ship in Kealakekua Bay.

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：那是其中一个地点吗？

Is that one of the locations?

巴夏：是的。自从你问起就是了。

Yes. Since you asked.

问：嘿，这很酷。你认为人类不明飞行物调查员怎么样？你们和其他ET是否故意给他们虚假的线索，让他们偏离方向？你们会回到这些地区重新抹去证据吗？

Hey, that's pretty cool. What do you think of human UFO investigators?Do you and other ETs deliberately give them false leads to throw them off track?And do you return to the areas to re-erase evidence?

巴夏：有些存有可能会回到这些地区重新抹去证据。有些存有可能会以各种方式让调查人员偏离方向。我们，无论如何，不会这么做。

Some beings may return to the areas to re-erase evidence. Some beings may throw investigators off track in a variety of ways.We, however, do not. 

问：是的，当然，这不是你们的本性。

Yes, of course, that's not your nature.

巴夏：这也不是我们的工作。

It's also not our job. 

图片

问：在爱莎莎妮附近有其它文明对吗？

There are civilizations that are near Esassani, yes?

巴夏：在我们的平行现实中，还有其他相对较近的恒星系统确实有其他外星文明，是的。

In our parallel reality, there are other star systems that are relatively close by that do have other civilizations,yes.

问：但就你们的类太阳系而言，附近还有其他文明吗？

But in terms of, like, your solar system, are there any other civilizations close by?

巴夏：不是自然的文明，不是。我们在太阳系的各个行星上都创造了基地，但没有其他自然进化的生命，没有。

Not naturally, no. There are bases that have been created by us on various planets in our solar system, but no other naturally evolved life, no.

问：好的。

Okay. 


图片





