巴夏：七姐妹星的飞船
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月02日 06:00 辽宁
前言

有多种类型。其中一些就像我们的飞船一样是三角形的。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：2024年11月23日

问：如果七姐妹星将是第一个降临的文明。为什么我们很少听到关于他们的消息或来自他们的消息？

If the Pleiadians are going to be the first ones to land.why don't we hear much about them or from them?

巴夏：关于他们的信息其实很多。如果你愿意关注一下 UFO 目击事件之类的想法。你会发现大多数的目击事件，在这个时候，绝大多数实际上是七姐妹星的飞船。他们通过各种方式让你们习惯他们的存在。所以尽管你们的新闻节目可能并不知道这些飞船属于谁。我现在告诉你们，它们中的大部分都是七姐妹星的飞船。

There is actually a lot of information about them.If you will pay attention to the idea of things like UFO sightings.You will find that most of the sightings,the vast majority at this time are actually Pleiadian ships.They're getting you used to their presence in a variety of ways.So, even though your news programs may not carry awareness of who these ships belong to.I'm telling you now most of them are Pleiadian ships.

问：发布的视频中的那些飞船是七姐妹星的飞船吗？

Are the ships on the videos that were published,are those the Pleiadian ships?

巴夏：其中一些是。

Some of them.

问：你能描述一下它们的样子吗？

Can you describe what they look like?

巴夏：有多种类型。其中一些就像我们的飞船一样是三角形的。其中一些是碟形的。其中一些是圆柱形的。这只是取决于飞船的功能。

There are a variety of types.Some of them like our ships are triangular.Some of them are saucer-shaped.Some of them are cylindrical.It just depends upon the ship's function.

图片

问：在过去的50年里，外星人给予了我们什么技术？当公开接触发生时，他们将首先与我们分享或你们将与我们分享的前两三项技术是什么？

What technology was given to us by ETs in the past 50 years,And what will be the first two or three technologies that they will share or you will share with us when open contact occurs?

巴夏：正如我们说过的。你们整个历史的全息记录，可以追溯到数千年前。某些类型的遗传学的、振动医学的理解，你们可以称之为自由能源装置。也将是我们为你们提供帮助和支持的一部分技术，除了其它事情以外。

As we have said.Holographic recordings of your entire history,going back thousands upon thousands of years.Certain kinds of genetic,vibrational medical understandings,what you may term free energy devices.Will also be part of some of the technologies that we will aid and assist you with,among other things.

问：在过去的 50 年里，外星人 给了我们哪些技术？

And what technologies were given to us by ETs in the past 50 years?

巴夏：从一些回收的飞碟中理解和逆向工程的一些想法，随着时间的推移，地球上的人类通过在与某些外星人和你们的一些科学家的互动的帮助下，帮助和协助你们取得了一些技术突破。目前我们不打算详细说明这一点。

Some of the ideas that were understood and reverse engineered from some of the retrieved UFOs that humans on earth got their hands on have aided and assisted some of your technological breakthroughs over time with the aid and assistance of interactions with certain extraterrestrials and a few of your scientists.We are not going to go into specifics about that at this time.

问：人类有与其他物种和文明混合基因的历史。例如，DNA 检测显示，我母亲有 2% 的尼安德特人血统。鉴于这种基因混合的历史。我的问题有两个方面。首先，七姐妹星人真的以长得特别好看而闻名吗？其次，如果是这样，灰人和混血人是否意识到，在公开接触之后。第六和第七个混合种族可能包括相当大比例的七姐妹星人DNA，如果他们与人类混合。

Humans have a history of mixing genes with other species and civilizations.For instance, DNA testing revealed that my mother has 2% Neanderthal ancestry.Given this history of genetics mixing.My question is twofold.First, is it true that the Pleiadians are known for being exceptionally good looking?Second, if so, are the grays and hybrid aware that after open contact.The sixth and seventh hybrid races might include significant percentage of Pleiadian DNA if they mingle with humans?

巴夏：将会有人混合一些七姐妹星人的DNA。将会有人混合一些混血人的 DNA。目前我们只能说这么多。看看你对薇拉·希莉克莉丝汀的理解，这样才能更好地理解我们在说什么。

There will be some mixing of Pleiadian DNA.There will be some mixing of hybrid DNA.This is all we will say at this time.Look to your understanding of Willa Hillicrissing，to have a better idea of what we're saying.

图片

问：她是一个混血儿吗？

Is she a mix?

巴夏：是的，她当然是。

Yes, of course she is.

问：和什么混血？

With what?

巴夏：人类和混血人和许多其它物种。

Human and hybrid and many other things.

问：你提到螳螂人的次数越来越多了。

You've been mentioning the mantis beings more frequently.

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：你描述他们非常聪明，是混血计划中灰人的监督者。我很想更多地了解关于他们的背景和作为一个物种的进化过程。你能告诉我们他们来自哪个星球或恒星系统吗？他们的星际联盟身份证上是怎么写的？

You describe them as being very wise and as the overseers of the grays being in the hybridization program.I'd love to learn more about their background and evolution as a species.Could you share which planet or system they originate from?What does it say on their Interstellar Alliance ID cards?

巴夏：他们源自于一个与天使领域振动非常相似的维度。他们并非源自于某个星球。

They originate from a dimension that is very similar in vibration to the angelic realm.They do not originate from a planet.

图片

问：它们看起来真的像螳螂吗？他们与地球上的昆虫有什么联系吗？

Do they actually look like praying mantises and do they have any connection with the insect on Earth?

巴夏：它们确实与螳螂昆虫的想法非常相似。我们将探讨他们与你们星球上的螳螂之间可能存在的联系在另一个时间通过另一个传讯。

They do have a strong resemblance to the idea of the praying mantis insect.We will go into the idea of the connections that may exist between them and the praying mantises on your planet at another time in another transmission.


图片



阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


