巴夏：万圣节和黑洞
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月06日 06:00 辽宁
前言

这取决于黑洞的类型。其中一些可能是通往其他宇宙的门户。其中一些可能是信息的集中。这取决于黑洞的类型。

                    译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2023年10月21日

问：好的。混血儿童对我们庆祝万圣节感兴趣吗？能够以某种方式与他们一起庆祝，对这个人来说这似乎很令人兴奋。

Okay. And are the hybrid children interested in our celebration of Halloween?That might seem exciting to be able to celebrate that with them somehow to this person.

巴夏：从某种意义上说，尽管他们不一定以同样的方式体验，因为他们实际上可以直接与死者的亡灵交流。所以对灵魂概念的庆祝是他们对它的主要看法。与灵魂交流和庆祝生命是他们感知和表达生命的方式。

In some senses, although it would not necessarily be experienced by them in the same way, since they can actually communicate with the spirits of the dead, literally directly.So a celebration of the idea of spirit is how they would mostly perceive it.Communication with and celebration of life with spirit is how they would perceive and express it.

问：灰人在他们的文化中有任何与万圣节相当的东西吗？

And did the greys have any equivalent to Halloween in their culture?

巴夏：哦，记住他们曾经是人类。或者很久以前，是的，他们的历史上也有类似的东西。但不是在他们变成灰人之后，不是在他们变异之后，不是。

Well, remember that they used to be human. Or long ago, yes, they had something similar in their history.But not after they became the greys, not after they mutated, no. 

图片

问：在塞多纳活动中，你告诉一位提问者，在任何类型的DMT增强体验中遇到的实体都是灰人的星光体版本。这是否意味着在混血议程之前服用该物质的人会遇到其他存有，或者根本不会遇到任何存有？

And at the Sedona event, you told a questioner that the entities encountered on any type of DMT enhanced experience were an astral version of the greys.Does this mean that anyone taking that substance prior to the hybridization agenda, would have encountered other beings or would have not encountered any beings at all?

巴夏：哦，首先，需要非常特定的剂量才能遇到他们，因为他们以与该剂量相称的非常特定的频率存在。其次，在提出混血议程之前，没有人以你所说的方式服用DMT。

Well, first of all, it takes a very specific dosage to encounter them because they exist at a very specific frequency that is commensurate with that dosage.Secondly, no one was taking DMT in the way that you are talking about it before the idea of the hybridization agenda.

这是很久以前开始的。即使有人在自然界中体验了某些种类的改变意识的物质。但没有人服用特定的剂量，让他们以特定的频率遇到星光灰人，直到灰人出现在你们的现实中并成为你们原型意识的一部分。

This was long ago that it began. Even though there were people experiencing certain forms of altering substances in nature.There was no specific dosage that anyone took that allowed them to encounter the astral greys at that specific frequency until such time as the greys showed up in your reality and became part of your archetypal consciousness.

问：好的。你能解释一下黑洞是什么，它里面有什么吗？

Okay.Can you explain what a black hole is and what's inside of it?

巴夏：这取决于黑洞的类型。其中一些可能是通往其他宇宙的门户。其中一些可能是信息的集中。这取决于黑洞的类型。

It depends on the type of black hole. Some of them can be gateways to other universes.Some of them can be concentrations of information. It depends on the type of black hole.

图片

问：好的。我们称之为。。。宇宙飞船、飞船、不明飞行物或飞碟的概念。你们的文明如何称呼你们在宇宙中旅行的交通工具？

Okay. And we call our... The idea of spaceships, ships or UFOs or flying saucers.What does your civilization call the vehicles you travel around the universe in?

巴夏：Shaqiri。

Shaqiri. 

问：在最近的塞多纳周末，你说你的飞船在贝尔岩上方，海拔1000英尺。几秒钟后，它下降到700。有人能看到它吗，还是每个人都看不见它？如果它是隐形的，你使用了某种隐形技术吗？

And at the recent Sedona weekend, you said your ship was above Bell Rock at an elevation of 1,000 feet.A few seconds later, it descended down to 700.Were any people able to see it or was it invisible to everyone? And if it was invisible, do you use some kind of a cloaking technology?

巴夏：我们只是改变我们的频率，这通常超出了你的感官范围。所以从技术上讲，它不完全是一种遮盖。这只是一个你们大多数人无法感知的频率，因为我们被转移到了一个稍微改变的现实中。

We simply alter our frequency that is usually beyond the range of your senses.So, it's not exactly a cloak in the way that you mean it technologically. It is simply a frequency that most of you cannot perceive because we are shifted into a slightly altered reality.

问：那么，当你把船降到700英尺时，有人能看到你的飞船吗？

And so were there people able to see your ship when you did that drop down to 700 feet, or was it?

巴夏：有些人可能已经能看到它，但他们目前不在该地区。

There are those who might have been able to see it, but they were not present in the area.