巴夏：不要依赖我们
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年12月05日 06:00 辽宁
前言

不要依赖我们来让你过上充满激情和快乐的生活。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：2024年11月23日

问：你和莎莎妮人有面部表情吗？例如，当你们通过心灵感应交流并说了一些有趣的话时，你们会面带微笑，还是面无表情？

Do you and the Sasani people have facial expressions?For example, when you communicate telepathically and say something funny,do you physically smile,or are you expressionless?

巴夏：当然，我们有面部表情。我们经常笑。

Of course，we have facial expressions.We often laugh.

问：我在2024年9月遇到了灰人。我记得我走出家门，进入我的前院。我的前院和前门都有灰人的影子，我知道他们是灰人，如此灰色的外星人。我被升到飞船上的空中。一个灰人向我走来。作为对她接近的回应。我自发地产生了一种强烈的、巨大的高振动能量场。她微笑着，然后吻了我的脸颊。如果灰人没有情感，她为什么微笑着然后用一个吻来问候我。我为什么会产生如此强大的能量场？我从来没有做过任何类似的事情在地球上的日常生活中。

I have an encounter with greys in September twenty twenty-four.I remember stepping outside into my front yard.There were grey shadowy figures in my front yard and at my front door,and I knew they were grays, so gray ETs.I was lifted up into the air onboard the ship.I was approached by a gray bean.In response to her approach.I spontaneously generated a strong,large, high vibrational energy field.She smiled，and kiss me on the cheek.If grays have no emotions,why did she smile and greet me with a kiss?Why did I generate such a powerful energy field?I've never done this,anything like this in daily life on Earth.

图片

巴夏：首先,再次，这是一种混血灰人。更接近于混血存有，他们有情感。正如我们所说，你不能简单地把灰人混为一谈。有许多派系。并且许多都以某种方式进行了混血和发展。这个想法是，与她接触可以让你在更高的频率水平上感受到你自己真正的能量场。这让她很高兴,所以她才吻了你。因为你的回应让她知道你已经准备好了接受自己能量中的这种振动能量水平。你已经准备好做更多的自己了。因此，她用一个吻来奖励你。

First of all,again, this is a hybridized gray.Something closer to hybrid beings,and they have emotionality.As we have said,you cannot just simply lump the grays into one thing.There are many factions.And many have been hybridized and developed in certain ways.The idea is that exposure to her allowed you to feel your own true energy field on a higher frequency level.This delighted her,and that's why she kissed you.Because you responded in a way that showed her that you were ready to accept that level of vibrational power in your own energy.That you were ready to be more of yourself.

问：真美好。

Beautiful.

你能和我们分享更多关于灰人当前和最近与我们的活动和互动吗？他们还在绑架人类吗既然我们已经如此接近公开接触。

Can you share more about the grey's  current and recent activities and interations with us?Are they still abducting people since we are to close to open contact?

巴夏：再次，请记住，在这些遭遇中发生了不同的事情。这个想法是，人们经常被带到飞船上与混血儿童互动，来教他们在地球上生活的理念。所以仍然有人可能被带到飞船上的原因有很多。

Again, remember that there are different things going on in those encounters.The idea is that very often people are brought up aboard the ships to interact with the hybrid children,to teach them about the idea of living on Earth.So there are many different reasons why people may still be being brought on board the ships.

问：我想知道带孩子们上宇宙飞船的目的是什么。我丈夫小时候被带走过很多次。他对此非常生气。

I would like to know the purpose of taking children on a spaceship.My husband was taken as a child many times.And he's very angry about it.

巴夏：他非常生气，因为他从来没有得到过工具来了解那是他作为一个灵魂参与混血议程的决定。孩子们可以更容易地与混血儿童相处，他只是因为没有做好充分的准备而感到失控，所以很生气。所以他可以克服这一点如果他愿意了解自己做出了一个在混血项目中提供服务的重要选择。并且他现在可以要求这些相遇按照自己的意愿进行。

He is very angry because he was never given the tools to understand that there was his decision as a spirit to participate in the hybridization agenda.The children can relate to the hybrid children a little bit more easily,he is just angry about it because he felt out of control because he wasn't properly prepared.So he can get over that if he is willing to understand that he made an important choice to be of service in the hybridization program.And he can ask for those encounters to happen on his own terms now.

问：我对公开接触的前景感到兴奋。但我的一部分又不想太兴奋，因为我知道，如果不能实现，我会很失望。我怎样才能在我的兴奋与接受或任何即将发生的事情之间取得平衡。

I'm excited about the prospect of open contact.But a part of me doesn't want to get too excited because I know I will be disappointed if it doesn't come to fruition.How can I balance my excitement with acceptance or whatever comes to pass?

巴夏：如果你对遵循兴奋公式感兴趣，你会记得其中一个步骤就是对任何事情都不执着、不假设。只是让它逐渐发生，所以记住，一般来说，一个社会必须与外星存有进行公开接触并不是绝对重要的。所以这个想法是让它逐渐发生。最重要的事情是，你要以自己需要的方式生活。以一种让你兴奋的方式、以一种对你真实的方式。如果有任何事情会导致公开接触，就是这样。

If you are interested at all in following the formula,you will remember that one of the steps is having no insistence or assumption about anything.Just letting it play out.So remember it's not absolutely vital in general that a society has to have open contact with extraterrestrial beings.So the idea is let it play out.The most important thing is that you live your life in the way that you need to.In a way that is exciting for you,in a way that is true for you.If anything is going to lead to open contact,it will be that.

但这不必导致公开接触，为了让你过上一种激动人心、充满激情和创造力的生活。所以，不要坚持认为这种想法比你过自己的生活更重要。这才是最重要的。公开接触将发生在那些对其有重要意义的现实，在与之相关的现实中发生。我们告诉你，这与你的现实有关。但再次，这不应该影响你仅仅为了跟随兴奋而跟随兴奋。

But it doesn't have to lead to open contact for you to live an exciting and passionate and creative life.So don't insist on that idea as being more important than you living your own life.That's the most important thing.Open contact will occur in those realities where it is important for it to occur,where it is relevant for it to occur.We are telling you that it's relevant for your reality.But again,that shouldn't sway you from simply following your passion for its own sake.

记住，不管你认为它会给你带来什么，当你放弃坚持认为它必须导致一些特别的事情时，比如公开接触。那么就不会有失望了，因为你只会过上一种感觉充实、感觉有创造力、感觉充满爱、感觉激情澎湃的生活。这才是最重要的事情。

Remember regardless of what you think it's going to get you so when you drop your insistence that it has to lead to something in particular, like open contact.Then there will be no disappointment because you will simply have lived a life that feels fulfilled,that feels creative,that feels loving,that feels passionate.And that's the most important thing.

图片


问：但在未来五年内，就像你提到的那样,公开接触不是不可避免的吗？

But isn't contact inevitable within the next five years,like you mentioned?

巴夏：是的。对。正如我所说，这与你们的社会有关。我只是说，这不一定是你们过上充满激情和快乐生活的条件。不要这样。不要依赖我们来让你过上充满激情和快乐的生活。这就是我们正在说的。

Yes.As I said this is what is relevant for your society.I'm simply saying it doesn't have to be a condition for you to live a life of passion and joy.Don't make it so.Don't rely on us for you to live a life of passion and joy.That's what we're saying.


图片






?


阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


