巴夏：与外星人连接
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月09日 06:00 辽宁
前言

与团队一起前往某些地区，打开沟通渠道，点亮灯光，从出现的飞船那里得到回答，并给你回应等等，这就是第五类接触的想法，CE5。

CE5

人与UFO的接触共分六类：

1、第零类接触：遥远的目击

2、第一类接触：近距离目击

3、第二类接触：人体的某一部分触及UFO上某一东西；或目击触击遗留痕迹

4、第三类接触：与外星人进行直接接触;看清了UFO，特别是看清了其中载的类人高级生命体

5、第四类接触：通过心电感应与外星人沟通，是大多数研究者所不承认的

6、第五类接触：人类用友好信息与外星文明联系

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
               传讯时间：2024年9月15日
问：好的，我的最后一个问题，巴夏。可以继续问吗，还是我该走了？好的，所以我的最后一个问题。当你谈到这五年，在公开接触的五年内，我们要准备做什么？所以在我看来，事实上，我一直希望为我的混血孩子们建立一个中心，一个培训中心，就像我有很多孩子一样，来教他们。
Okay, my last question, Bashar. Is this okay, or I should go?Okay, so my last question. When you talk about the five years, within five years of an open contact, and what are we preparing to do?So in my mind, actually, I've been willing to hopefully set up a center, a training center for my hyper-children, as I have many of them, to teach them.
巴夏：那么就跟随你的兴奋，看看会发生什么。
Then follow your passion and see what happens. 
问：好的，非常感谢你。
Ok，thank you so much. 
巴夏：要明白，我们今天被允许在这里做的事情是非常不寻常的。这只表明你们比以前更接近接触了。等一下。
Understand that what we have been allowed to do here today is highly unusual.And only indicative of the fact that you are closer to contact than you were before.One moment.
敞开你的心扉。张开你的眼睛，开放你的头脑，你会知道你前面的道路是走向我们的。这是一则公益广告。直到以后你们才会知道那是谁。但我们昨晚已经介绍过他们了。下一个。

Open your hearts. Open your hearts. Open your eyes, open your minds and you will know the path before you that is toward us.This has been a public service announcement. You will not know who that was until later.But we have introduced them already last night of your time. Next.

图片



问：问候巴夏。
Greating bashar.
巴夏：你也是，你好。
And to you, good day. 
问：今天能和你在一起，我感到非常高兴和惊奇。感觉我已经和你校准了很长时间。
Such a pleasure and amazing to be here with you today after feeling like I've been calibrating with you for a long time.

巴夏：好的，这也是我们的荣幸和激情。你想要讨论什么？

Alright, it is our passion and our pleasure as well. What would you like to discuss?

问：所以我这些年来参观过很多次，看到并参观过不同的飞行器，但没有一种模式。每一个似乎都有其独特的灯光和颜色。我的问题是，你能告诉我，我与哪个种族的连接更紧密，或者我的能量更占优势吗？
So I've been throughout my years visited many times, seen and been visited by different crafts, but there hasn't been a pattern. Each one seems to be very unique in its lights and colors.My question is, can you tell me maybe which race I'm more connected with or my energy is more dominant with?

巴夏：你与七姐妹星人和混血人类有连接。还有一些其他的种族。

You are connected to Pleiadians and Hybrids. There's a few smatterings of others as well. 

问：天狼星人？

Sirians.

巴夏：有一些，是的。

Some, yes. 

问：好的，所以这是第一个问题。你感觉有没有一个我可能会在更深层次上与更多种族建立连接的方法？

Ok，so that was first question.Is there one that I could maybe potentially connect with more on a deeper level that you feel?

巴夏：如果你参加我们说过的你们称之为CE5的活动，你明白这个术语吗？

If you will participate in what we talked about that you call CE5s, you understand this term?

问：不明白。

No.

巴夏：与团队一起前往某些地区，打开沟通渠道，点亮灯光，从出现的飞船那里得到回答，并给你回应等等，这就是第五类接触的想法，CE5。如果你要参加聚会或创建自己的聚会，这可以帮助你与那些与你连接最密切的种族建立沟通和连接。

Going out with groups to certain areas and opening up communication, shining lights, and getting answers from ships that will appear and give you responses and things like that, that is the idea of close encounters of the fifth kind, CE5s.If you will participate in gatherings or create your own gatherings to do so, this can help open up avenues of communication and connection for you to those to whom you are most strongly connected. 

图片

问：谢谢。我一定会试试的。另一个问题对我来说更个人。我认为最简单的方法是提出一个由三部分组成的问题。

Thank you.I'll definitely try that out. All right. Another question is going to be more personal to me, I think the easiest way to frame this would be a three-part question.

巴夏：这是一种偷偷摸摸地问三个问题的方式吗？

Is that a sneaky way of asking three questions? 

问：不，这是一个概念，但有三个不同的要素相互关联。所以长期以来这一直是我深深的恐惧。第一个是蛇。蛇。从我小时候起，我就在很多方面对它们有一种原始的恐惧，我感觉我被他们伤害了。

So this has been a deep fear of mine for a long time. The first one is snakes. Snakes. Since I was a child, I've had sort of like a primal fear of them.

图片

巴夏：不。但这个想法是，它与古老智慧的象征有关，也与基因改造的象征有关。因为你是混血议程的一部分。它与某些物种相连，这些物种会释放出某种频率和能量，让你在接触到它时感到需要进入生存模式。

No. But the idea is that it connects to the symbol of ancient wisdom, and it connects to the symbol of genetic alteration, because you're part of the hybrid program.And it connects to certain species that give off a certain frequency and a certain energy that allows you to feel that you need to go into survival mode when exposed to it.

问：所以这就引出了蜥蜴人，我想从你们那里得到更多的视角，因为它点燃了我内心的恐惧。

So this leads to the reptilians, which I would like to have more perspective from you on, because it ignites fear within me.

巴夏：他们不一定是恶意的，但他们不一定，可以说，把人类的最大利益作为他们的最高议程，但他们受到其他物种的控制。所以他们最终将无法慢下来。或者伤害你。只是他们走的是另一条路，另一条路线，他们并没有真正参与促进人类进化的想法。

They're not necessarily malicious, but they don't necessarily have, shall we say, humanity's best interests as their highest agenda, but they are kept in check by the other species that do.So they will not ultimately be capable of slowing down. or harming you. It's just that they're on another path, on another course, and they're not really engaged in the idea of the promotion of the evolution of humanity.

图片

任何与它们的接触都会在物质形态中引发战斗或逃跑的生存反应的想法，因为爬行动物的振动DNA会激活你身体中的哺乳动物振动DNA，这是捕食者与猎物关系的结果。

So any exposure to them simply invokes within the physical form the idea of a fight-or-flight survival response, because the reptilian vibrational DNA activates the mammalian vibrational DNA in your physical body as a result of the relationship of predator to prey.

这并不意味着他们真的会成为你的捕食者，但这就是你对它们振动的反应。在某种程度上，他们实际上是，好吧，我就这么说吧，他们有点受伤了。他们通过这个在情感上受到了伤害，因为你们对他们的反应，因此他们对人类有一种怨恨。

It doesn't mean they're actually going to be predators for you, but that's the way you respond to their vibration. To some degree, they actually are, well, I'll just put it this way, they're kind of hurt by that.They are hurt emotionally by that, by your reaction to them, and therefore they have a kind of resentment against humanity.

问：哦。

Oh. 

巴夏：因为他们被人类视为被排斥的人。因此，他们留在一个不一定把你们的最大利益放在心上的地方，但其他种族会控制住他们，帮助他们保持平衡，这样他们就不会干扰人类进化的进程。但其实没什么好害怕的。他们无法伤害你。

Because they are seen by humanity's eyes as outcasts.And therefore, they remain in a place where they may not necessarily have your best interests at heart, but the others that do keep them in check and help keep them balanced and at bay, so that they will not interfere with the progression of humanity's evolution.But there is nothing really to fear. They cannot harm you. 

问：很多人似乎认为他们与地球上的王室血统有关，他们似乎控制着。。。

A lot of people seem to think that they're connected to the royal lineages on Earth, and they seem to control...

巴夏：不，不，不。那是个谬论。这是一种幻想。这是对古老阿努纳奇人的想法的回归，阿努纳奇人确实创造了蓝血王室血统的想法。

No, no, no, no. That's a fallacy. It is a fantasy. It is a throwback to the idea of the ancient Anunnaki who did create the idea of the blue blood royal bloodlines.

这只是表达阿努纳奇人DNA在地球上某些谱系中可能稍微更纯的另一种方式。这就是它的意义所在。但是，一些参与阴谋论研究的人将各种阴谋论混淆并混合在一起，认为蜥蜴人也参与其中，仅仅是因为他们对人类的态度，你直观地感受到了这一点。

That is simply another way of expressing that the Anunnaki DNA may be slightly more pure in certain lineages on Earth. That's what that's about. But some humans that are involved in conspiracy theories have confused and co-mingled various conspiracy ideas into the idea that the reptilians are involved in that, simply because of their attitude toward humanity that you are intuitively picking up on.

所以他们混合了不同的阴谋论，这也是为何星际联盟社会实验的第一步是放弃阴谋论的原因之一。

So they've co-mingled different conspiracy theories, which is one of the reasons why the first step in the interstellar alliance, social experiment, was to let go of conspiracy theories.

图片

问：所以，如果阿努纳奇人是我们的父母，或者我们没有他们的遗传基因。。。我们不是阿努纳奇人的混血儿吗？

So if the Anunnaki are our parents, or don't we have their genetic... Aren't we a hybrid of Anunnaki and... 

巴夏：正如我所说，你们作为智人一开始就是混血人。这就是为什么你们已经混血了，因为阿努纳奇人的基因被引入了地球上自然进化的原始人类。

As I said, you are hybrids to begin with as Homo sapiens. That's why you're already hybridized, because of the Anunnaki genetics that were introduced into the naturally evolved hominid on Earth.

问：但是阿努纳奇人难道不会来指引我们吗？

But wouldn't then the Anunnaki come and, like, guide us?

巴夏：他们指引了。你认为圣经中的一些故事是关于什么的？关于天使下凡来引导你们，被火柱和云柱引领穿越沙漠。你觉得这是关于什么的？这是关于阿努纳奇人的指导，他们召回了那些创造智人的人，因为这样做违反了他们的法律。

They did. What do you think some of the stories in the Bible are about?Of angels coming down to guide you, of being led through the desert by a pillar of fire and a pillar of cloud.What do you think that's about? It's about the guidance of the Anunnaki who recalled those who created Homo sapiens because that was against their law to do so.

但他们随后意识到，他们必须承担起指导你们达到某一点的责任，直到他们觉得他们可以让你们自己进化，看看会发生什么。

But they then realized, that they had to take responsibility for guiding you up to a certain point until they felt that they could let you sort of evolve on your own to see what would happen.

