巴夏：冥想与UFO
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月03日 06:00 辽宁
前言

你们的星球周围有很多交通。当你扩展你的意识时，尤其是在放松的状态下，比如你在热水浴缸里达到的沉思状态。你的感官会更加敏锐地意识到你周围正在发生的事情，这些事物以前可能是你看不见的，直到你通过处于更沉思的状态来提高你的振动。

                    译者:阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2024年1月21日

问：这个人问，说他们两天前冥想并请求与不明飞行物一起旅行。然后在挪威同一地区观察到不明飞行物的第二天在媒体上读到。这里有任何联系吗？

And this person asks, saying that they two days ago meditated and asked to travel with a UFO.And then read in the media the day after that a UFO was observed in the same area in Norway.Is there any link?

巴夏：是的。这就是那个人参观的不明飞行物。他们是否完全记得不是重点。但他们有机会通过媒体报道了解他们所请求的事情实际上已经发生。

Yes. That was the UFO that that person visited.Whether they remember fully or not is not the point. But they were given an opportunity to understand through the media story that what they had asked for had actually occurred.

随着时间的推移，他们可能会想起。记忆可能会逐渐展现。

In time, they may remember. The memories may unfold. 

问：然后大约28年前，这个人星体投射到一艘三角飞船上，通过窗户与一个三角形头的存有交流。这是巴夏的飞船还是别的东西？

And about 28 years ago, this person astral projected to a triangular ship and communicated with a triangular-headed being through the window.Was this Bashar's ship or something else？

巴夏：别的东西。我们此时不会详细说明。

Something else.We will not go into details at this time. 

问：这个人说，当他们年轻的时候，他们做了一个生动的梦，梦见他们家的房子着火了并且目睹了不明飞行物。这些梦仍然很生动。在他们的探索中，他们意识到这可能是一次重要的相遇。

And this person is saying when they were younger, they had vivid dreams of their family house on fire and witnessing a UFO.These dreams are still very vivid. And in their research, they sense that they might be significant encounters.

图片


他们说他们知道自己已经与外星人有过接触，他们觉得自己快要想起来了。甚至可能是巴夏本人，这也是他们感到如此强烈的吸引力来加入这种传讯的原因之一。在这种情况下，你能提供什么有帮助的见解吗？

They're saying that they know they've been in contact with ETs and they feel close to remembering.Perhaps even Bashar himself, which is one reason they feel such a strong pull to join this transmission.Any insights you might provide that would be helpful in this situation?

巴夏：这标示在梦境和改变的现实状态下与混血存有的交流。着火的房子代表了你们现在正在经历的事情，从损坏事物、烧毁事物、从旧循环到新循环。允许旧系统消失，烧毁，并为你们的世界和现实建立新系统，以刷新和更新。

This is indicative of communication with hybrid beings in the dream state, in the altered reality state.The house on fire represents the idea of what you're going through now in terms of breaking things down, burning things up, going from an old cycle to a new cycle.Allowing the old systems to fall away, to burn away, and new systems to be put in place for your world and your reality to be refreshed and renewed.

所以这个想法是，你们正在经历这个转变。有时它会以消极的方式表现出来，比如烧毁一所房子。但尽管如此，它代表了一种清理，一种放弃旧方式，把旧想法烧掉，允许新想法进来。因此，这个想法是为一个新的结构、一个更容易发生接触的新现实进行清理、准备和奠定基础。这是象征性的表达。

So the idea is that you are going through this transition. Sometimes it will be represented in a negative way, such as the burning of a house.But nevertheless, it is representative of a clearing, of a letting go of an old way, burning the old ideas out and allowing new ones to come in.So the idea is of a clearing and a preparation and a laying a foundation for a new structure, a new reality to take place in which contact can occur more easily.That is the communication that was given symbolically. 

问：不错。这个人说在洛杉矶。她的儿子和她发现两个安静的三角形事物，每个角都有不同的圆圈，从他们的热水浴缸里飞到夜空中。一位朋友拍摄的相似飞行器的照片后来引领我找到了巴夏，引发了人们对他们所看到的东西的起源的疑问。

Nice.This person is saying in L.A.Her son and she spotted two silent triangular shapes with distinct circles in each corner flying in the night sky from their hot tub.A friend's photo of a similar craft later led me to Bashar, raising questions about the origins of what they saw.

图片

巴夏：是的。当然，混合种族飞船。再一次，你们的星球周围有很多交通。当你扩展你的意识时，尤其是在放松的状态下，比如你在热水浴缸里达到的沉思状态。你的感官会更加敏锐地意识到你周围正在发生的事情，这些事物以前可能是你看不见的，直到你通过处于更沉思的状态来提高你的振动。

Yes. Well, hybrid ships. Again, there's a lot of traffic around your planet. When you expand your consciousness, especially in a relaxed state, such as you achieved in your hot tub, a meditative state.Your senses can then become more keenly aware of things that are going on around you that might have been invisible to you before until you allowed your vibration to raise by being in a more meditative state.

这让你能够看到一些一直在你们的星球上移动的交通，尤其是混血种族飞船。因为他们非常接近公开接触的振动，因为是混血儿童将要生活在你们中间。

Which then gave you the ability to see some of the traffic that is moving around your planet all the time, especially the hybrid ship.Since they are very close to the vibration of open contact, since it is the hybrid children that will be coming to live among you.

