巴夏：剥皮行者牧场里埋着什么？
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月05日 22:25 辽宁
前言

它是坠毁在你们星球上的一艘古老的外星飞船，随着时间的推移它由于侵蚀和你们星球的自然演化而被掩埋。

剥皮行者牧场

剥皮行者牧场被公认为地球上科学研究最多的超自然现象热点，是一个占地 512 英亩的安全地点，几十年来一直受到 24/7/365 武装安全和监视的监控。这个偏远的地方参与了五角大楼资助的黑色预算项目，该项目研究不明飞行物活动、牛的残害和奇怪的现象，也被称为研究其他智能和可能的跨维度现象的生活实验室。

Recognized as the most scientifically studied paranormal hotspot on the planet, Skinwalker Ranch is a 512 acre secure site that has been monitored for decades with armed security and surveillance 24/7/365. This remote location was involved with a Pentagon funded black budget project studying UFO activity, cattle mutilations and strange phenomena, and is also known as a living laboratory for studying other intelligences and possible interdimensional phenomena.

                    译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2024年7月27日

问：这个问题是关于剥皮行者牧场的。

This question is about Skinwalker Ranch.

巴夏：是的。

Yes.

问：剥皮行者牧场的桌子山里埋着什么？

What is buried inside the mesa on Skinwalker Ranch?

巴夏：它是坠毁在你们星球上的一艘古老的外星飞船，随着时间的推移它由于侵蚀和你们星球的自然演化而被掩埋。

It is an ancient alien craft that crashed on your planet and has been buried over time by erosion and the natural evolution of your planet.

图片

他们最终会发现这艘飞船。给他们几年时间。

They will eventually discover this.Give them a couple of years.

问：在科学家的实验中是什么导致了出现 GPS 异常和激光束中断？

What causes the GPS anomalies and interrupted laser beams during the scientists' experiments?

巴夏：在飞船内部的振动组合仍然活跃和该区域存在的门户共同导致的。

A combination of the vibrations that are still active within the ship and also the portals that exist in the area.

这可能会对电子设备等造成许多干扰。他们越来越清楚地认识到，那里确实存在门户。

That can cause many disruptions in electronic equipment and so on and so forth.They are getting closer to understanding that the portals truly exist there.

他们正在创造它们存在的证明和证据。但有时，这是坠毁的飞船本身产生的振动组合的综合结果，因为飞船中的一些系统仍然非常活跃。

They are creating demonstrations and evidence of their existence.But sometimes it's a combination of the vibrations that are emanating from the crashed ship itself because some of the systems in the ship are still very active.

它们持续了很长很长时间。它们从不熄灭。它们可以持续数百万年。

They last a long, long time.They never go out.They can last millions and millions of years.

所以有时这是一种干扰模式。从坠毁的飞船发出各种频率的组合。以及当飞船穿过门户时，来自门户的振动。

So sometimes it's an interference pattern.A combination of what's being emanated from the crashed ship.and also the vibrations that are coming from the portals as ships move through them.

这可以产生不同种类的能量和振动频率的级联效应。随着各种飞船的通过，从门户辐射出来。

which can create a cascade effect of different kinds of energies and vibrational frequencies to radiate from the portals as well as various ships move through them.

所以他们会发现这一切。再给他们一些时间。

So they'll discover all this.Give them some more time.

问：这艘飞船代表了哪一类外星人？

What group of aliens is the ship representative of?

巴夏：我们还不被允许谈论远古存有。

We are not allowed to talk about the ancient ones yet.

问：这就是为什么他们在那里的地面钻孔时遇到困难的原因？

And is that why they're having trouble drilling in through the ground there?

巴夏：嗯，是的，他们一直在撞击失事飞船。这不允许他们的设备钻穿它们。

Well, yes, they keep running into the debris from the crash ship.that does not allow their devices to drill through them.

制造飞船的材质太硬了。

The substance that the ships are made out of is too hard.


图片







阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


