巴夏：可可阿可鲁卡
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年03月08日 06:00 辽宁
前言
可可阿可鲁卡是一个存有的种族。它来自你们认为在极其遥远的太空中。

                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2018年12月1日
问：我曾有过许多、许多、许多次做梦的经历，也有几次醒来时遇到了被认为是外星人的东西。我有一个关于我和这个房间里的某个人的一次特殊经历的问题，我称他为我的姐妹星，从另一个我们记得不一样的星星小姐。所以我们要离开一个共同的朋友的家，他实际上介绍给了我们。然后当我们上车时，我看了看停在一条小巷上的汽车前方，前方街道上有一个不明飞行物。
I have had many, many, many encounters dreaming and a few waking with what would be considered ETs.Yes. And I have a question about a particular experience that I had with somebody in this room who I call my sis-star from another miss-star that we remember differently.So we were leaving a mutual friend's house who actually introduced us.And as we got in the car, I looked in front of the car, which was parked on a side street, and in the street ahead was a UFO.

巴夏：描述一下。

Describe. 

问：它是圆柱形的，有两个相互环绕的圆环。就像中间的一个圆柱体，然后有两个同心环相互进入。

It was cylindrical with two inter-circling rings.Was like a cylinder in the middle, and then there were two concentric rings going inside of each other.

巴夏：交通工具是垂直的、水平的还是倾斜的？

Was the vehicle vertical or horizontal or canted?

问：对不起，第三个是什么？

Sorry, what was the third one?

巴夏：还是倾斜的，斜对地。

Or canted, diagonally. 

问：我想，这是垂直的。对。它是垂直的。垂直面向的。对。好吧，当我们看到这个时，我说，那是什么东西？然后在那个时候。

It was, I guess, vertical.Yes. It was vertically. Oriented.Yes.Okay, so when we saw this, I said, what the F was that?And at that time. 

巴夏：那是U-F-O。

It was the UFO. 

图片
问：是的，它是。所以，但当时在房间里的这位朋友不想看到它。于是我下了车，因为我想，我需要更多地了解这种情况。于是我下了车，朝它走去，然后它飞上天空，做了一系列其他事情。这无关紧要。我很好奇的是，我经常寻找这艘飞船的形状。谁可能与这艘飞船有关。没有找到结果。所以我很好奇你能不能给我更多关于此飞船的信息。
Yes, it was. So, but this friend who was in the room at that time didn't want to look at it.And so I was, I got out of the car because I was like, I need to know more about this situation.So I got out of the car and I went towards it and then it went up into the sky and did a series of other things.That's irrelevant. What I'm curious about is I have looked often for the shape of this ship.And who might be associated with this ship. With no results.So I was curious if you could give me more information about that.

巴夏：不能，不是因为我们不知道。而是时机不对。这是一次罕见的拜访。非常罕见的访问。

No. Not because we don't know.It's not appropriately timed. It's a rare visitation. Very rare visitation.

问：好的。好吧，这就引出了我的另一个好奇心，因为。我知道我们都是被祝福的，但我从小就有这种意识。

Okay. Well, that leads me to my other curiosity because. I know we are all blessed, but I have had that awareness of myself from a young age.

巴夏：对。你们都是这样。只是你们中的许多人都是被训练从这种意识中分离出来的。

Yes. All of you do. It's just that many of you are trained out of that awareness. 

问：正是如此。我之所以知道自己是被祝福的，是因为即使我转世进入地球的这个维度，我也从未真正对这里流行的想法感到感激。这给了我很多。自由。是的，所以我的下一个问题是关于一些和我一起参与梦境的指导灵。其中有三个我特别好奇。伯尔温曾经是一名梦境向导，现在已经作为向导进入了物质领域。每当我在梦中看到伯尔温，并试图看伯尔温的脸时，我都看不见，因为那是一道巨大的光。

Exactly. And why I know I am blessed is because even though I incarnated into this dimension of Earth, I have never really felt beholden to the ideas that are popular here.And that has provided me with much. Understanding. Freedom. So my next question is about some spirit guides who attend dreams with me.There's three of them in particular that I'm curious about. There's Berwyn who used to be a dream guide and has now moved into the material realm as a guide.And whenever I saw Berwyn in dreaming and I tried to look at Berwyn's face, I couldn't see it because it was a huge light.

巴夏：是的。

Yes. 

问：你能告诉我伯尔温在哪里吗？

Is there anything you could tell me about where Berwyn is? 

巴夏：在哪里？从哪里？好吧，这里有外星连接连接到我们刚才告诉你的我们不能谈论的事情。

Where? From? Like what? Well, there are extraterrestrial connections connected to what we just told you we can't talk about.

问：那里有。好的。好吧。下一个向导。有一个雌雄同体的向导，让我叫她乔治或乔治娜。我只见过她作为一个活生生的人，我在这一刻回忆起了一次。但她经常在梦中作为一个有关环境的身体出现。

There. Okay. All right. Next guide. There is a androgynous guide who lets me call her George or Georgina.And I've only seen her as a physical person that I'm recalling in this moment one time.But she often appears in dreams as an environmental body.

巴夏：是的，这是你的一个对应事物。来自同一个超灵。

Yes. It's a counterpart of yours.From the same oversoul.

问：哦。真兴奋。你好，乔治。好的。第三个。有一个，有一个埃及祭司，或者至少这是对我描述这个人的方式，他告诉我，当我梦见太阳和月亮撞击它的地方时，要买一个水晶金字塔，因为这有助于它在维度之间锚定我。

Oh. Exciting. Hi, George. Okay. Third one.There is a, there's an Egyptian priest, or at least that's the way that this person has been described to me, that told me to get a crystal pyramid for when I dream where the sun and the moon hits it because that helps it anchor me between dimensions.

图片
巴夏：你正在连接的是一个古老的意识许可。这有助于你了解哪些意识许可可能与你的一些信念系统或你在今生建立的一些能量连接更紧密地对齐，因此使用起来可能是有好处的。

It's an ancient permission slip that you are connecting to. That is helping you understand what permission slips may align more strongly with some of the belief systems you have or some of the energy connections you've made in this life and therefore can be advantageous to use.

问：对。

Yes. 

巴夏：所以你正在与另一个时代的另一个存有连接，你正在从那个特定的人那里获得信息、下载和经验，来帮助和协助你在生活中可能找到有好处的东西。因为你在旅途中建立了内在的能量状态。

So you're connecting to another being in another era and you're receiving information, downloads and experience from that particular individual to aid and assist you in what you may find advantageous in this life.Because of the energy state you've set up within yourself on your journey.

问：我注意到了。这个人是否被认定为埃及祭司，因为这是人们所能做的最接近的事情。。。所以这是来自地球的另一个维度？

Noted. And is this person identified as a quote unquote Egyptian priest because that's the closest that people can...So it's from a different dimension of earth?

巴夏：好吧，你们通常称之为过去，但是的。因为一切都存在于当下，可以这么说。但是的。等一下。等一下。等一下。等一下。好的。我们被允许告诉你那个外星文明的名字。

Well, what you typically call the past, but yes.Because everything exists in the present, so to speak.  But yes. One moment. One moment. One moment.All right. We are being given permission to tell you the name of that extraterrestrial civilization.

问：耶。

Yay. 

巴夏：可可阿可鲁卡

Cocoacalucca.

问：可可阿可鲁卡。

Cocoacalucca. 

巴夏：可可阿可鲁卡

Cocoacalucca.

问：你好，可可阿可鲁卡。。谢谢你的介绍。我会马上在谷歌上搜索你。

Well, hello, Cocoacalucca. Thank you for the introduction.I will be Googling you forthwith.

巴夏：你不会找到它的。

You will not find it. 

问：好的。作为谷歌的代替，我能从你那里得到更多吗？

Okay.Could I get more from you as Google instead? 

巴夏：你是说我是谷歌？

You are referring to me as Google?

问：谷歌？巴夏版谷歌？对。是的，我是这么说。

Google? Bashar Google? Yes. Yes, I am. 

巴夏：好吧。那么，我是谷歌。

All right.Google, then. 

问：对。

Yes. 

巴夏：可可阿可鲁卡是一个存有的种族。它来自你们认为在极其遥远的太空中。他们可能在你们的银河系中有前哨，但他们不是来自你们的银河系。你知道他们来自仙女座星系。

The Cocoacalucca are a race of beings. It is from what you would consider to be in space extremely far away.They may have outposts in your galaxy, but they don't come from your galaxy.You know the galaxy they come from as Andromeda. 

图片
问：我对此有过看法，是的，现在我知道了。

I have had thoughts about that, and yes, now I know.

巴夏：这有帮助吗？

Does that help? 

问：这很有帮助。我做了什么特别的事情，这就是他们与我连接的原因吗？

It is helpful. Is there something in particular that I do that is why they are connecting with me?

巴夏：嗯，是的，因为你与地球没有紧密连接的原因是因为你属于他们。

Well, yes, because the reason that you are not strongly connected to the Earth is because you belong among them.


图片

