巴夏：外星人类
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年11月11日 06:00 辽宁
前言

有些人在身体上被带到了其他星球。我们现在不会详细介绍其中的很多内容。

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2022年5月21日

问：好的，为什么外星飞船上有灯，你知道，它们上面有灯？它们是吸引我们注意力和提高我们意识的工具，还是它们是有目的的？

Okay, and why do extraterrestrial crafts have light, you know, lights on them?Are they a device for attracting our attention and raising our awareness, or do they serve a purpose?

巴夏：嗯，这有很多层面。许多飞船都有灯，就像你们的汽车有灯一样。记住，太空中一片漆黑。因此，灯光有助于发现那里有什么。但很多所谓的灯光并不是你们所理解的灯。它们是能量的表达。

Well, there are many levels to that. Many craft have lights in the same way that your cars have lights.Remember, it's dark out in space. Therefore, the lights help to identify what's there.But a lot of the so-called lights are not lights as you understand them. They're expressions of energy.

所以它们可以代表许多不同的事物，而这些事物在你们理解技术的方式上不一定是物理灯光。这可能是对能量的操纵产生了光的副作用。

So they can be representative of many different things that are not necessarily physical lights in the way you understand the technology.It may be the manipulation of energy that has a light as a side effect. 

问：好的，将会有人移民到爱莎莎妮吗？这在星际联盟中会如何运作？

Okay, and will there be people who immigrate to Esasani, and how would that work in the interstellar alliance?

巴夏：最终，可能会有一些人相对永久地生活在不同的行星上，是的。在未来，当你们成为星际联盟的正式成员时，只要星球能够支持他们的生命形式，这对个人来说是一件很常见的事情。就像你们去另一个国家生活一样。这并不神秘。

Eventually, there may be those that will come to live on different planets relatively permanently, yes.In the future, when you are a full-fledged member of the interstellar alliance, that is a common thing for individuals to do, as long as the planet can support their form of life.Just like you would go to live in another country. There is nothing mysterious about this.

图片


问：然而，在目前，正在体验爱莎莎妮生活的人基本上是在梦中体验的，以这种形式进行的。

At the present time, though, individuals who are experiencing Esasani would basically be doing it in dreams time, in that form.

巴夏：在他们的星光体形态中，是的。最终，它可以是物理的。有些人在身体上被带到了其他星球。我们现在不会详细介绍其中的很多内容。但确实有人类居住在其他星球上。这很罕见，但已经发生了。

At the present time, in that form. In their astral form, yes. Eventually, it can be physical.There are humans who have been taken to other planets physically. We're not going to go into detail about a lot of that right now.But there are humans who do reside on other planets. It's rare, but it has happened.

问：这个星球上是否有与人类共存的地下智能生命？

And are there subterranean intelligences living alongside humans on this planet?

巴夏：有一些。这并不意味着在你们的维度中有一个空心的地球。但确实有一些地下生物与你们同时存在于你们的星球上。数量不多。大多数你们认为是其他文明的地下文明，都在其他维度，只是看起来像是在你们的星球内部。但确实有一些物质生命生活在你们星球上的地下洞穴中。你们不一定意识到。是的。

There are some. That doesn't mean there's a hollow Earth in your dimension. But there are some subterranean beings that do exist on your planet simultaneously with you.There are not many. Mostly those that you would consider to be other civilizations, subterranean, are in other dimensions that just appear to be inside your planet.But there are a few physical beings that do live in subterranean enclaves on your planet.That you are not necessarily aware of. Yes.

图片

问：海洋中飞船的存在有多普遍？

How prevalent is it that there are ships in the oceans?

巴夏：你是说外星飞船？

You mean extraterrestrial craft?

问：对。哦，对不起。对。当然。

Yes. Oh, sorry. Yes.Of course.

巴夏：这是相对常见的，因为在海底有基地。各种外星飞船经常造访。因此，在陆地上也有地下基地，在月球和火星上也有基地。

It's relatively common because there are bases under the oceans, under the ocean floors.And are visited quite often by various extraterrestrial crafts. So there are bases that are also underground on land and bases on your moon and Mars.

问：夏威夷群岛内有许多基地吗？

Are there a number of bases within the Hawaiian Islands?

巴夏：那里有几个，好吧，有一些。

There are a couple. All right. A few.

问：我可以问一下具体的位置吗？

Can I ask about a specific location? 

巴夏：如果你愿意的话。这并不意味着我会回答你。

If you wish. Doesn't mean I'll answer you. 

问：好的，凯阿拉凯库亚湾？

OK，Kealakekua Bay? 

巴夏：在附近。

Nearby. 

问：那里有目击事件。

There have been sightings there.

巴夏：在附近，不在里面，但就在附近。

Nearby. Not in it, but nearby. 

问：好的。

Okay.