巴夏：巨变之年
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年11月29日 06:00 辽宁
前言

2033年是巨变的一年

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2024年11月23日

问：我们有一些关于历史的问题。为什么阿努纳奇人用他们的先进技术开采黄金如此困难？难道他们就不能利用黄金的频率，从地球上提取黄金吗？

We have some historical questions.Why was it so problematic for the Anunnaki to mine gold with their advanced technology？Couldn't they just tap into the frequency of gold and quote, extract it from Earth?

巴夏：这仍然是一项艰巨的任务，地球仍然是一个巨大的星球。正如我们所说，他们的时间有点紧迫。因此，他们需要援助。如果没有援助，他们自己永远无法及时提取足够的材料来帮助和援助他们的世界，如果他们没有这种援助的话。

It's still a big job, It's still a big planet.And as we have said,they were sort of under what you would call a time crunch.Therefore, they needed assistance.They would never on their own have been able to extract And were they successful in saving their planet?enough of the material to aid and assist their world in time，had they not had that assistance.

问：他们成功地拯救了他们的星球吗？

And were they successful in saving their planet?

巴夏：在某种程度上，是的，但请记住，他们创造智人的行为违反了他们的法律。所以这个想法是，一旦智人出现。将这些群体召回家园的阿努纳奇人不得不引导智人、不得不看护智人。

To some degree,yes, but again, remember that what they So the idea is that then,once Homo sapiens existed.The anunaki  that had recalled those groups back home then had to guide,had to watch over.

他们仍然在继续开采一些黄金。但这样做的方式只是增加了他们已经收集到的东西。他们用积极的方式来平衡他们星球的大气层。但尽管如此，他们也也被委托找出其他办法来实现这一目标。所以他们不再以负面的方式进一步利用智人的创造。

They still continued to extract some gold.But did it in a way that simply added to what they had already collected.They used it in positive ways for the balancing of the atmosphere of their planet.But nevertheless, were also consigned to figuring out other ways in which that could be done.So they did not take advantage any further,any longer, of the creation of Homo sapiens in a negative way.

问：他们的星球最终发生了什么？它还在吗？

And what eventually happened to their planet?Is it still around?

巴夏：它还在。但它存在于不同的维度中，它与你们所知道的天鹅座恒星系统有着更紧密的联系。

It's still around.But it exists in a different dimension,and it is more connected to the star system you know as Cygnus.

图片

问：他们怎么称呼它，(他们的)星球？

What do they call it,the planet?

巴夏：你是在询问阿努纳奇人为他们自己的世界使用自己的语言所起的名字吗？

Are you asking for the Anunnaki's own language for their own world?

问：对。

Yes.

巴夏：Ashea。

Ashea.

问：谢谢。

Thank you.

许多人利用圣经中的《启示录》来指出他们认为是现在正在发生的未来事件。还有人说，这本书指的是当时的罗马。《圣经》中真的有与现在正在发生的事件相对应的真正的预言性经文吗？

Many people use the biblical book of Revelation to point to events happening in the future which they think is now.Others say the book was referencing Rome at that time.Are there really any truly prophetic verses in the Bible that corresponds to events happening now?

巴夏：是的，其中一些是。我们就不细说了。它在这个时候没有任何相关用途。

Yes, some of them.We're not going to go into detail about that.It serves no relevant purpose at this time.

问：吉萨金字塔的研究人员发现了他们称之为 "金字塔刻度石 "的东西。他们将其与金字塔的走廊一起推断为与世界重大事件相对应的未来时间轴。时间轴似乎在 2033 年结束。这是否正确？它是否与该窗口中发生的公开接触相吻合？

Researchers at the Pyramid of Giza discovered what they call the Pyramid Inch stone.Which they have extrapolated along with corridors of the pyramid to be a timeline of the future corresponding to major world events.The timeline appears to end in 2033.Is there any validity to this,and does it coordinate with open contact occurring in this window?

图片

巴夏：是的，它确实吻合，因为在那之后一切都会改变。正如我们所说，公开接触很可能在未来五年内发生。以及由此产生的变化将从那时起真正影响人类的发展方向。所以基本上，你们的五年时间将一直持续到 2030 年，然后又过了三年。你们会看到在 2033 年到 2050 年之间，人类将发生巨大的方向性转变。这将重新设定人类未来的发展方向。

Yes, it does, because everything changes after that point.As we said，open contact will occur most likely within the next five years.And the changes that will result from that will start to really impact the direction of humanity from that point forward.So basically, your five years leads up to 2030,and then three years after that.You will see a massive directional shift in humanity between 2033 and 2050 that will reset the direction of humanity for its future evolution.

所以是的，就人类何时改变方向并将其频率转移到一个新的方向上而言，这通常是准确的，这将有助于它与银河系大家庭的融合。它将在未来被后人铭记为一个重要的转变之年，2033年，一个重要的转变之年，一个重要的方向转变之年。你们所说的巨变之年。

So yes, it's generally accurate in terms of when humanity changes direction and shifts its frequency in a new direction that will help it merge with the galactic family.It will be in the future remembered as an important shifting year,2033, and an important year of shift,and an important direction change.what you call a sea change.

问：33 也是一个重要的数字，对吗？

33 is also an important number,is that correct?

巴夏：对，这就是为什么我们以 "三位一体 "的理念来运作。因为创造和存在是三位一体的。因此，从振动的角度来说，双 33 是一扇非常强大的转变之门，你们将要穿过它。

Yes，this is why we operate in the idea of threes.Because creation and existence is a trinity.Therefore, vibrationally speaking,the double 33 is a very powerful transformational gate that you are going to walk through.

图片

问：在1566 年，瑞士巴塞尔市上空出现了不明飞行物现象。许多圆盘似乎飞了一天。三周后，这一景象再次出现。许多人在当地报纸上记录了这一现象。那是什么？那座城市是UFO的漩涡吗？

In 1566,there was a UFO phenomenon over the city of Basel, Switzerland.Many discs appear to be flying over for a day.This sighting reappeared three weeks later.It was recorded by many people in the local newspapers.What was that?Is that city a vortex for UFOs?

巴夏：是的，但他们经历的是一波从一个平行现实到你们的平行现实的另一波灰人浪潮来临。

It is,but what they experienced was a wave from one parallel reality to your parallel reality of another wave of the grays coming through.

问：我读过蓝慕沙的一本书、他在书中提到了一些应该发生的事件，这些事件应该发生在我们的星球上。他谈到了我们目前所知的世界的衰落。从他身上学到的许多东西让我产生了共鸣，但社会崩溃的观点却没有。你经常说我们创造了我们自己的现实，这是否意味着如果崩溃的想法不能引起我的共鸣，它就不会发生？另外，你能分享一些你可能掌握的有关蓝慕沙的信息吗？

I read a book by Ramtha,where he mentions events that are supposed to be happening,that are supposed to happen to our planet.He spoke about the fall of the world as we currently know it.Many things I learned from him resonate with me,but the idea of societal collapse does not.You have often spoken about the fact that we create our own reality.Does this mean that if the idea of the collapse doesn't resonate with me,it won't happen?Also, could you share some information you might have about Ramtha?

巴夏：我们不会分享任何有关蓝慕沙的信息，因为我们不会认可或否认任何信息来源。但是，"崩溃 "的意思仅仅是你使用了一个负面的定义词。我们已经广泛地讨论了这样一个观点：你们的整个社会即将被重置和重组。尤其是在公开接触方面。

We will share nothing about Ramtha because we do not endorse or deny any source of information.But the idea of the collapse is simply that you are using a negative definitional word.We have already talked quite extensively about the idea that your entire society is about to be reset and restructured.Especially with regard to open contact.

所以你可以把它看作是旧社会的瓦解，一种崩溃，如果你愿意的话。但这是一种重塑，一种理念的重建。而你就是其中的一部分。所以你会经历它，但你不必将其视为负面的崩溃。将其视为一种重组、一种重新定向、一种重塑。

So you can look at that as the dissolution of your old society,a collapse, if you will.But a reinvention,a restructuring of the idea.And you are part of that.So you'll be around for it,but you don't have to see it as a negative collapse.See it as a restructuring,a redirecting, a reinventing.


图片



阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


