巴夏：接触的真正含义
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年11月26日 12:49 辽宁
前言

我们将以许多不同的方式参与到你们社会的方方面面。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2024年11月23日

问：问候巴夏，你好吗？

Greetings, Bashar. How are you?

巴夏：你好，你好。很完美，你呢？

Good day, good day. Perfect and you?

问：哦，我一如既往地完美。是的，这已经是相当同步的。我的Zoom一启动，我的 Wi-Fi 就断了，这是一种奇妙的同步，也是一种放下对任何结果的任何坚持并保持积极状态的绝佳练习。

Oh, I'm perfect as always.Yeah, this has been pretty synchronistic.My Wi-Fi went out as soon as my Zoom started and that was a fantastic synchronicity and it's a great practice of just letting go of any insistence of any outcome and staying in a positive state.

巴夏：是的，然后能够以其他方式获取您需要的信息。

Yes, and then being able to tap into the information you need in other ways.

问：是啊，没错没错。所以如果这次会话以这种方式进行的，那将会是太棒了。如果没有，它也会像它以前那样为我服务。

Yeah, exactly. Exactly.So if this conversation happened in this way, that would have been fantastic.And if it didn't, it would have served me just as it was in that way.

巴夏：这是我们在本次传讯中提到的想法的很好的一课。这不是关于发生了什么，而是关于你如何处理发生的事情，你处理事情的方式会在你的现实产生区别。所以，干得好。

A good lesson in the idea we have already mentioned in this transmission.That it's not about what happens,it's about what you do with what happens that makes the difference in your reality.So, well done.

问：所以今年九月，我在塞多纳参加了你的传讯，我知道很多人都被你的政治言论吓到了。我也是，但我没有在一个负面空间里表达，你知道。我很快消除了我对这些言论的信念和感受，回到了你刚才提到的话题上。重要的是我们做了什么，我们采取了什么行动，任何我们自己之外的事情，都不重要。

So I was in Sedona for your transmission back in September and I know a lot of people were taken back from the political statements that you made.So was I, but I didn't say in a negative space,you know.I quickly neutralized my beliefs and my feelings regarding those statements and went back to what you had just mentioned,That it's what we do that matters,is the actions that we take, anything outside of ourselves, it doesn't matter.

图片

这对我来说是一个绝佳的机会，让我真正坚持自己的信念，不屈服于任何外部环境，因为，你知道，快进到现在。我们又有一位男性候选人成为我们的总统领导人了。我们都知道你对此是怎么说的。它真的让我能够解决自己内心的许多恐惧，并改变了这些恐惧。所以，这真的是一种奇妙的祝福，这整个情况。

And this has been such a fantastic opportunity for me to really hold true to my beliefs and not give in to any of these external circumstances because, you know, fast forward to the present time,We have a male candidate that is our presidential leader again.And we all know what you had said regarding that.And it has really allowed me to address a lot of fears within myself and to transform those fears.So it has really just been a fantastic blessing, this whole situation.

巴夏：好的，我们还想再讨论一个问题。

All right. And we would like to address one more issue.

问：说吧。

Go ahead.

巴夏：基于人们对我们对你们的政治发表任何言论的惊讶反应，这对我们来说很不寻常。但关键是，这在未来不会那么不寻常，因为当接触发生时。你不认为我们会更多地参与到你们社会的方方面面吗？包括你们的政治？

Based on the surprise reactions that people had about the fact that we said anything at all regarding your politics, which is unusual for us.But the point is, it's not going to be that unusual inthe future because as contact occurs.Do you not think we're going to become more involved in every aspect of your society.Including your politics?

所以与我们的议会进行商议的想法，以及我们甚至被允许发表任何接近于你们的人民会认为是政治声明的想法，都表明了你们以某种形式进行接触的密切程度。因为我们将参与到你们社会的每一个层面。包括你们的政治、社会学、经济学、宗教。一切都会转变。一切都会改变。我们的存在不会让你们社会的任何方面不受影响。

So the idea of conferring with our councils and the idea that we were allowed to even make anything close to what your people would perceive as a political statement is an indication of how close you are to contact in some form or another.Because we are going to be involved in every layer of your society.Our presence isn't going to leave any aspect of your society untouched.

所以我们想让你们了解一切事物将如何在某种程度上、特征或形式上发生变化。但它会以一种方式转变让你们，你们所有人。来处理你们所需要的，来面对你们需要的挑战。以一种在进化上为人类服务的方式，为人类造福，为了你们未来的前进动力。

So we want you to understand how everything in some way, shape, or form will shift.But it will shift in a way that will allow you, all of you.To process what you need, to face the challenges that you need.In a way that will serve humanity evolutionarily to the benefit of humanity for your forward momentum into the future.

图片

所以在请求接触时，要意识到。这并不意味着我们会与你们保持冷漠或分离就你们星球上发生的事情而言。我们将以许多不同的方式参与到你们社会的方方面面。技术上、社会上、政治上、宗教、灵性、经济，每件事。所以这就是接触的真正含义。我们甚至可以讨论一些类似于政治评论的问题，这说明你们离让我们参与你们的星球已经有多近。

So realize when you are asking for contact,It doesn't mean we're going to remain aloof or separate from you in terms of the things that happen on your planet.We're going to be involved in every aspect of your society in many different ways.Technologically, sociologically,politically,religiously,spiritually,really,economically,everything.So that's what contact really means.The fact that we could address something even similar to a political comment shows you how close you're getting to having our involvement on your planet.

