巴夏：来自不同文明的飞船
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月22日 06:00 辽宁
前言

许多文明都会使用碟形的飞船。许多文明会使用三角形飞船。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

              传讯时间：2024年1月20日

问：你提到过很多ET种族使用类似的飞船类型。我们可以，当然，通过心灵感应来联系。但是，我们会看到的飞船是否也有物理差异，例如，mao宿星人、雅耶奥人、莎莎妮人使用的三角形飞船之间？

You've mentioned that a lot of ET races use similar ship types. We could, of course, reach out telepathically.But are there also physical differences in the ships we would notice, for example, between the triangular ships Pleiadian, Yael, Sassani use?

巴夏：好吧，再一次，是的，当然。你们目睹了许多不同类型的飞船，它们具有许多不同的功能，不同的文明通常有与它们相关的飞船类型。

Well, again, yes, of course. You have witnessed many different types of ships that have many different kinds of functions, and different civilizations usually have types of ships that are relevant for them.

许多文明都会使用碟形的飞船。许多文明会使用三角形飞船。一些技术的文明之间确实存在一种交流，因此不同类型飞船的使用变得更加混合。

A lot of civilizations will use the saucer-shaped ships. Many will use triangular-shaped ships.There is a kind of exchange that does exist between civilizations of some of the technologies, and so the use of different kinds of ships has become more mixed.

图片

随着时间的推移，随着不同的文明获得了其他文明的技术。许多文明将使用圆柱形母舰或城市飞船，因为这是一种方便的形式，尽管有些也会是球形的。

Over time, with different civilizations acquiring the technologies of other civilizations.Many will use the cylindrical mother craft or city ships, because that is a convenient form, although some will also be spherical.

但是再次的，由于技术的混合，你并不总是能知道现在是什么文明。尽管在大多数情况下，mao宿星人会保留你所理解的经典碟形的想法。

But again, you can't always necessarily tell what civilization now because of the mixing of technologies.Though for the most part, Pleiadians will retain the idea of the classic saucer shape, as you understand it.

并且我们的文明和许多混血文明将保留三角飞船的普遍使用，因为这是我们普遍技术的代表。

And our civilizations and many hybrids will retain the general use of triangular ships, because that is what is representative of our general technology.

图片

问：然后关于一些人在飞船外部看到的外星文字，当近距离观察飞船时，这些文字是为了什么？

And regarding extraterrestrial writing that some people see on the ship's exterior, when seeing the ships up close, what is that writing for?

巴夏：这些文字是一种标志，用于识飞船的功能。并且从某种意义上说，它被解读为一种振动代码，被那些对它敏感的人通过心灵感应接收，以理解飞船的功能。

The writing exists as a mark for the identification of ships in terms of their function.And it is, in a sense, read as a code vibrationally that is telepathically received by those who are sensitive to it to understand the function of the ship.

它的本质在于它如何与驾驶飞船的人产生心灵感应。这是一种签名振动，其中包含了许多其他人可以下载的信息，可以说，是为了了解飞船的身份、飞船的功能。船员的职责，他们所执行的任务。文字甚至可能不时发生变化。

And its nature in terms of how it is telepathically connected to those piloting the ships.It is a kind of a signature vibration that contains a lot of information that others can download, so to speak, to understand the identity of the ship, the function of the ship.the function of the crew, the mission they are on. The writing can even change from time to time.


图片







阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 