巴夏：生活在地球上的混血儿童
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月12日 06:02 辽宁
前言

这个想法是，他们正在练习如何生活在你们中间，练习如何以某种方式调整他们的频率，同时不会把频率降低太多，让他们生活在你们中间。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2023年5月27日

问：你好，巴夏。

Good day, Bashar. 

巴夏：你好，你好。

Good day, good day. 

问：你好。我们今天只有几百秒的时间，所以我喝了你最喜欢的茶。

We have a few hundred seconds only today, so I got your favorite tea.

巴夏：你想在几百秒内讨论什么？

What would you like to discuss in your few hundred seconds? 

问：所以，我的问题是，混血儿童也会导致你告诉我们的这种精神冲击吗？

So, my question is, can the hybrid children also cause this psychic shock you told us about?

巴夏：不会。在很大程度上，他们已经在一定程度上融入了你们社会的振动，尽管他们的频率会保持在更高的水平，但他们已经在练习如何融入人类社会。

No. To a great degree, they will already be somewhat assimilated into the vibration of your society, though they will remain on a little bit higher frequency, but they are already practicing how to blend in to human society.

现在，可能会有一段调整期，但他们不会真正能够导致精神冲击，否则如果他们会，他们也不会被允许来你们的星球上生活。

Now, there may be a little bit of an adjustment period, but they won't really be capable of causing the psychic shock, or if they were, they would not be allowed to come and live on your planet.

这个想法是，他们正在练习如何生活在你们中间，练习如何以某种方式调整他们的频率，同时不会把频率降低太多，让他们生活在你们中间。

The idea is that they are practicing how to live among you, practicing how to adjust their frequencies in certain ways, while not lowering their frequencies too much, allowing them to live among you.

允许人类只有一点机会提高他们的频率，以匹配混血人类的频率，但它将足够接近，不需要发生精神冲击。

Allowing humanity just a little bit of an opportunity to raise their frequency to match the hybrid's frequency, but it will be close enough that no psychic shock needs to occur.

图片
问：频率的交汇点将是多少？

And what will be the meeting point of the frequencies? 

巴夏：这个我们不能说，因为这将取决于个人。

That we cannot say, because it will depend upon the individuals.

问：明白。但现在，已经不可能造成精神冲击或伤害。我们基本上已经可以跟他们相见了。

Understood. But right now, there is already not possible to make a psychic shock or damage.We could basically meet them already. 

巴夏：你可以跟其中一些已经练习过的人见面，是的。他们不是所有人都已经练习过了，但最终都会练习的。

You could meet some of them that are practiced already, yes.Not all of them are practiced yet, but eventually they all will be.

问：有没有一个混血孩子也许现在想和我交流并说点什么？

Is there maybe a hybrid child that wants to communicate right now with me and say something?

巴夏：他们正在听着，他们正在表达在你们星球上某些高度自然的飞地和庇护所的兴奋的想法，让他们体验地球的美丽。所以他们已经在访问地球了。

They are listening, and they are expressing the idea of excitement of being in certain enclaves and sanctuaries on your planet that are highly natural and allow them to experience the beauty of Earth.So they are already visiting the Earth. 

偶尔，他们不仅会临时参观自然景点，有时还会住在你们的城市里，在废弃或空荡荡的公寓或房子里，练习与人类生活在一起的感觉。

Now and then, they are practicing by temporarily visiting not only natural sites, but also sometimes living in your cities, in abandoned or empty apartments or houses, to practice what it's like to live among humanity.

但随后他们离开并回到飞船上，这样另一组人就可以进来并使用同一区域来练习如何在人类中生活。他们需要学习很多东西，很多对他们来说陌生和不熟悉的东西，关于人类及其文化的作用

But then they leave and go back to the ships, so another group can come in and use the same area to practice how to live in humanity.There are many things they need to learn, many things that are foreign and alien to them about what humanity and its cultures do.

图片

问：令人兴奋，明白。关于最近坠毁的登月事件，私人登月是怎么回事？

Exciting, understood. And what is about the recent moon landing that crashed, the private moon landing.

巴夏：你在问关于什么？如果你有技术问题，那有一个技术问题。

And what is you are asking about？If you have technical，there is a technical issue.

问：月球或火星上已经秘密地建立了人类空间站吗？

And do you already in secret have human space station on moon or the Mars?

巴夏：没有。

No.

问：好的，人类已经做了一项传送技术。这存在吗？

Okay, and do already a teleportation technology for humans. Does this exist?

巴夏：它以简陋的形式存在，并不完善。到目前为止，这种技术的许多方面都超出了一直在试验它的人类的理解范围。所以它有一个简陋的形式，但并不完善。

It does in crude form. It is not perfected. There are many things about this kind of technology that so far are beyond the understanding of the humans that have been experimenting with it.So there is a crude form of it, but it is not perfected. 

问：好的。那弗吉尼亚州和巴西的坠毁事件呢？谁在那里坠毁了，为什么？

Okay. And what about their Virginia, Brazil crash?Who crashed there and why? 

巴夏：至于为什么，我们现在会保留。至于是谁，再一次，与灰人和混血人类有关。

The why of it, we will leave for now.but the who of it,again,has to do with the greys and hybrids.

问：所以这些存有，孩子们看到了三个女孩，那是一个混血人类或一个灰人。

So the beings, the children saw the three girls, that was a hybrid being or a gray.

巴夏：是的，是的。

Yes, yes.

问：因为它是棕色的，他们说。

Because it was brown, they said. 

巴夏：她们是棕色的混血人类。

 Their are brown hybrids.

问：啊，所以这是混血人类。

Ah, so it was a hybrid.

巴夏：一种与我们所说的混血人类不同的混血人，但仍然是混血人。在恒星之间，有许多形式的混血人。这取决于他们是什么种类的人，但不一定是我们谈论的那种将要生活在你们中间的孩子。

A different kind of hybrid than the hybrids we have been referring to, but a hybrid nevertheless. There are many forms of hybrids, out here among the stars.It depends on many things about what kind they are, but not necessarily the kind that we're talking about in terms of the children that will come to live among you.

图片

这并不意味着他们中的一些孩子本身不是棕色的，但这些孩子看到的是完全不同的东西，一种来自于一个跨维度地方的不同形式的混血人类。

That doesn't mean some of them are not themselves brown, but what those children saw was something quite different, a different form of hybrid from an interdimensional place.

问：嗯，明白了。你一直在谈论这个星球现在的振动频率约为每秒七万个周期。我很感兴趣，地球上有哪些城市，比如几个振动最高的城市？

Hmm, understood. And you always talked about these frequencies that the planet right now has about 70,000, of cycles per second of vibration.And I'm interested, what are the cities on the planet, like a few cities with the highest vibration?

巴夏：那些城市在最自然的环境中，基本上，尽管它可能会波动。在城市中心的一些地方，可能会有非常高的振动。但总的来说。

Those in the most natural settings, basically, although it can fluctuate.Some in urban centers, there can be patches of very high vibration, but overall.

你们大多数在更自然的环境中，在树木、山脉、溪流和森林中的城市，会有更高的振动。

Most of your cities that are in more natural settings, among trees and mountains and streams and forests, will have the general higher vibrations.

图片

问：所以人们会自动适应大自然，这就是为什么整个城市的频率更高的原因。

So the people are automatically tuned into nature, and this is why the frequency of the whole city is higher.

巴夏：是的，一般来说，平均而言。再次，这并不意味着在你们的一些城市中没有高振动甚至更高振动的区域，这些区域不一定完全处于自然界中。但在某些区域是分隔开的。

Yes, in general, on average. Again, it doesn't mean there aren't pockets of high vibration or even higher vibration in some of your cities that are not necessarily set exactly in nature.But it is compartmentalized in certain areas.

