巴夏：第一次接触是社会学事件
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月25日 06:00 辽宁
前言

所以，这个想法是它不那么科学，尽管它会有一些科技元素，一些技术交流、知识交流等等。

第三类接触

科幻冒险，讲述了一群人试图接触外星智慧生命的故事。罗伊·尼里（理查德·德雷福斯饰）目睹了一个不明飞行物，甚至被其明亮的灯光“晒伤”以证明这一点。罗伊拒绝接受对他所看到的解释，并准备放弃自己的生命来追寻不明飞行物的真相。

Science fiction adventure about a group of people who attempt to contact alien intelligence. Roy Neary (Richard Dreyfuss) witnesses an unidentified flying object, and even has a "sunburn" from its bright lights to prove it. Roy refuses to accept an explanation for what he saw and is prepared to give up his life to pursue the truth about UFOs.

                            译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                        传讯时间：2024年1月21日

问：这个人在问，我们中的一些人是否有可能或很可能见证人类成为银河联盟的荣誉成员？在我21岁时，我希望技术和医疗保健的进步可能会在我有生之年成为现实。

this person is asking, is it possible or probable for some of us to witness humanity becoming an honorary part of the Galactic Alliance?At 21 years old, I'm hopeful that the advancement in technology and healthcare might make it a reality within my lifetime.

巴夏：是的，只要一个人不选择在公开接触期间离开地球。这些人，尤其是年轻人，极有可能会经历公开接触的想法，并且随着时间的推移，会经历相当大一部分的全面接触。

Yes, as long as an individual doesn't choose to leave the planet during the time of open contact.Those, especially of a younger age, are highly likely to experience the idea of open contact and a relatively large chunk of the full spectrum of contact over time.

问：好的。对我来说，这个第一次接触并不是真正的科学事件，也不是科幻小说梦想的实现。这是一个文化事件，社会学事件，就像电影《第三类接触》中一样。你能谈谈这个吗？

Okay. For me, this first contact is not really a science event or a fruition of a science fiction dream. It is a cultural event, sociologic, like in the film Close Encounter of the Third Kind. Can you speak to this?

图片

巴夏：首先，这是一个社会学事件，因为它将改变你们的整个社会。并且你必须自己改变整个社会，为了使自己更符合接触的理念。

It is a sociological event, first and foremost, because it will alter your entire society.And you must alter your entire society on your own in order to make yourselves more compatible with the idea of contact.

所以，这个想法是它不那么科学，尽管它会有一些科技元素，一些技术交流、知识交流等等。知识被给予，技术概念被赋予和分享。但这首先是一个社会学事件。是的。

So, the idea is it is less scientific, although there will be some technological elements to it, some technological exchange, knowledge exchange, so on and so forth.knowledge given, technological ideas given and shared. But it is, first and foremost, a sociological event. Yes.

你们整个社会，那些愿意和开放的人，那些正在向公开接触方向转变的人，将变得与你们今天的社会大不相同。所以，这个想法是，是的，主要是社会学上的。

Your entire society, those that are willing and open, those that are shifting in the direction of open contact,will be very different from your society of today.So, the idea is that, yes, primarily it is sociological. 

问：好的。然后是人类组织起来进行接触的想法。抱歉。你会建议或激励人们以什么样的形式组织自己，这样他们才能在全球范围内拥有更快乐、更令人兴奋的公开接触体验？

Okay. And the idea of humans organizing for contact.Excuse me. In what shapes or form would you suggest or inspire humans to organize themselves so they can globally have a more joyful and exciting open contact experience?

图片

巴夏：这个类型信息中的一些信息将在即将到来的传讯中提供，这些传讯与我们现在为你们准备的内容有关。正如我们所说，这是接触倒计时，第一年。我们将开始提出一些行动建议。

Some of that type of information will be being delivered in upcoming transmissions that have to do with what we are preparing you for now.As we said, this is Countdown to Contact, year one. And we will begin to make certain suggestions for actions.

和你们社会成员的行为变化与我们所说的星际联盟社会学实验有关。在接下来的一年里，它将通过各种步骤提供给你们。所以其中一些建议将在即将到来的传讯中提供。

And behavioral changes in members of your society that have to do with what we are terming the Interstellar Alliance Sociological Experiment.And it will be delivered to you in a variety of steps over time in the upcoming year.So, some of those suggestions will be forthcoming in the upcoming transmissions.

文末提示

文中询问的人类组织起来进行接触的想法是星际联盟社会实验第六步的内容，将在本月24日的传讯中提供给大家。


图片






阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 