巴夏：莉莉丝和电磁漩涡
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年09月09日 06:00 辽宁
前言

莉莉丝的想法是表达一种能量的人，这种能量与未来与自然紧密相连的混血人类的想法没有什么不同。

                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2023年10月21日

问：巴夏，非常感谢你今天与我交谈。你一直是我生命中的灯塔，我非常感谢这次机会。

Bashar, thank you so much for speaking with me today. You've just been a lighthouse for me in my life, and I'm so grateful for this opportunity.

巴夏：我们深切感谢与你共同创造这种互动。今天你想讨论什么？

It is our deep appreciation to co-create this interaction with you. What would you like to discuss this day?

问：所以我的最大兴奋就是把莉莉丝的真实故事拼凑在一起。我觉得我缺少了一些关键的领悟。你之前说过，她可能会在某个时候讲述自己的故事。你有什么线索可以让我更好地理解她和她的意义吗？

So it's been my highest excitement to puzzle together the true story of Lilith.I feel there's some crucial insight I'm missing. You have said before that she may come through at some point to tell her own story.Is there any clue you can give me to better understand her and her significance? 

巴夏：等一下。

One moment.

与自然的连接。对于了解莉莉丝的故事至关重要。莉莉丝的想法是表达一种能量的人，这种能量与未来与自然紧密相连的混血人类的想法没有什么不同。

Connections to nature. Are of prime importance to understand the story of Lilith.The idea of Lilith is someone who expresses an energy that is not dissimilar from the idea of the future hybrids that are connected very strongly to nature.

图片

他们经历了不同层次的掌握，与物理和非物理现实的所有表达方式建立了更紧密的连接。所以莉莉丝是一个自我赋权的故事，尤其是对于地球上的女性能量表达。

And who go through different levels of mastery to connect more strongly with all expressions of physical and non-physical reality.So Lilith is a story of self-empowerment, especially for the female energy expression on earth.

因此，调查和采用任何与自我赋权表达有关的东西作为你自然自我的表达，将帮助你进一步理解莉莉丝的故事。这对你有帮助吗？

And so investigating and adopting anything that has to do with the expression of self-empowerment as an expression of your natural self will help you move forward in understanding the story of Lilith.Does that help you? 

问：这太棒了。非常感谢。我只是，是的，我需要一些时间来消化。太棒了。谢谢。

That is so brilliant. Thank you so much. I just, yes, I will need to take some time to digest that.That's just brilliant. Thank you. 

巴夏：好的。

All right. 

莉莉丝

莉莉丝，犹太民间传说中的女性恶魔形象。她的名字和性格被认为来源于美索不达米亚的恶魔类，称为 lil?（女性：lilītu），这个名字通常被翻译为“夜怪”。与莉莉丝有关的邪教在一些犹太人中幸存下来，直到公元 7 世纪。她威胁的邪恶，特别是对儿童和分娩妇女的威胁，据说可以通过佩戴带有某些天使名字的护身符来抵消。

Lilith, female demonic figure of Jewish folklore. Her name and personality are thought to be derived from the class of Mesopotamian demons called lil? (feminine: lilītu), and the name is usually translated as “night monster.” A cult associated with Lilith survived among some Jews as late as the 7th century CE. The evil she threatened, especially against children and women in childbirth, was said to be counteracted by the wearing of an amulet bearing the names of certain angels.

图片



问：然后说到创造，11个月前，我以一种非传统的方式共同创造了一个美丽的女儿阿鲁卡。我相信她和莎莎妮有很强烈的连接。你能告诉我一些关于她的银河系联系人生主题或灵魂协议的事情吗？



So speaking of creation, 11 months ago I co-created a beautiful daughter, Aluka, in a non-traditional way.I believe she has strong Sasani connections. Could you tell me something about her Galactic Connections life theme or soul contract?

巴夏：她是一位强健的老师，确实有混血连接，以及与其他外星源头的连接，尤其是天狼星和mao宿星。随着时间的推移，这个存有可能会与最终来到地球与你们、与人类生活在一起的混血儿童进行一些互动。

She is a strong teacher, does have hybrid connections, and connections to other extraterrestrial sources, especially Sirius and Pleiadian.In time, this being may be involved in some interactions with the hybrid children that will come to earth to live among you eventually, among humanity.

但就目前而言，这还为时过早，仍在发展和成长中。

But for now it is premature, still developing and still growing. 

问：太惊人了。谢谢。说到混血儿童，我有七个混血儿童，而且我知道在我的一生中，我们有一个可以见面的时间线。他们是在童年时期停顿下来的，还是在融入地球之前一直存在，或者他们会以我们理解的方式衰老？

Amazing.Thank you. Speaking of the hybrid children, I have seven hybrid children, and I know that there is a timeline where we could meet in my lifetime.Are they sort of paused in childhood or is there until they're integrated on earth or are they going to age in a way we understand it?

巴夏：他们会在一定程度上衰老，但他们看起来不会像人类那样衰老。这个想法是，他们的寿命要长得多。这个想法是，随着年龄的增长和成熟，他们不一定会衰退。

They will to some degree age, but they will not appear to age in the same way that humans do.The idea is that they are much longer lived. And the idea is that they don't necessarily deteriorate as they age, as they mature.

所以即使他们已经达到了更大的年龄，他们可能看起来仍然很年轻。

So they may still seem very young, even when they have achieved a greater age.

问：对，是的，就我们可以以物理方式与他们接触的时间线的潜力而言，随着我们通过公开接触的窗口，这种可能性是否会增强？

Yes, yes, and in terms of the potential of the timeline where we could have contact, with them in a physical way, is that strengthening in possibility as we move through the window of open contact?

巴夏：是的，对于那些沿着这条路走的人来说，最晚，这可能是最多不会花费超过你们20年的时间的事情。

Yes, for those along that path, it is something that at the outside would probably not take longer than about 20 of your years at the outside.

问：哇哦！哦，太令人兴奋了。哦，我的天哪。我最近从塞多纳和秘鲁奇尔卡的强大漩涡地点回来。

Wow！Oh, that's so exciting. Oh my goodness.I recently returned from Powerful Vortex, sites in Sedona and Chilca, Peru.

我很兴奋来了解如果我能绘制出我的家乡澳大利亚维多利亚州周围的门户和漩涡。你对维多利亚州或澳大利亚的漩涡有什么推荐吗？

I'm excited to see if I can map portals and vortexes around my home state of Victoria in Australia.Do you have any recommendations about vortexes in Victoria or Australia?

图片

巴夏：很明显，一个非常强大的主要漩涡就在你所说的艾尔斯岩的概念中。爱丽丝泉地区。但在松树谷地区也有一个主要的电磁漩涡。

Well, obviously an extremely powerful major vortex is in the idea of what you call Ayers Rock.The Alice Springs area. But there is also a major electromagnetic vortex in the area known as Pine Gap.

问：哦，我昨天刚读到这件事。多么同步。我的意思是，这类似于51区的能量吗？

Oh, I was just reading about that yesterday. How synchronous. Is that, I mean, is that similar to an Area 51 energy?

巴夏：是的是的。而且事实上，那里有一个地下基地。

Yes. Yes. And there is, in fact, an underground base there. 

问：太梦幻了，哦，我的天哪。所以，谢谢你的信息。这是一种美丽的同步性。我要去那里。

Unreal.Oh my goodness. So, thank you for that information. That's a beautiful synchronicity.I am going to go there.

巴夏：哦，好的。玩得开心。

Oh, all right. Have fun. 

问：是的，我会的。

Yes, I will.

图片

巴夏：如果你对此很敏感,如果你对此很敏感,你可能会在某些地方在身体上实际感受到该地区的电磁振动。尤其是当你在路上穿过大型岩层时。

If you are sensitive to it, if you are sensitive to it, you may be able to actually physically feel the electromagnetic vibrations that are in that area in certain places.Especially when you pass between large rock formations on the road.

