巴夏：2027正式开始ET公开接触，5年窗口缩短至2年
2025.04.01
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee
节选2025.3.30《The FANTASY vs. REALITY OF CONTACT》
问：你们说过公开接触会在五年内展开。我的理解是，这是否意味着作为一个集体，我们会达到相应的振动频率，从而能够感受到外星人的存在？作为遵循你们指导的人类，那么，我们是否能够单独与外星人面对面会见，随着大众逐渐习惯外星人的存在？You've said that the beginnings of open contact will begin within five years. I take it this means that as a collective, we will be at the necessary vibration to be able to intake the presence of ETs. As a group who follows your teachings, will we therefore be able to individually meet ETs face to face as the broader public becomes accustomed to ET presence generally?
《所以思考一下：外星人5年内出现对你来说意味着什么？》
巴夏：是的。不过，我们会修正这个说法，因为我们只是根据一些情况给出了大致的时间范围，而且现在发生了很多波动和变化在你们星球的集体能量中。所以，我们可以说外星公开接触将在2027年正式开始。Yes. However, we will amend this because we simply gave you an overall window based on certain things and there are many fluctuations and changes going on in the collective energy of your planet now. We can therefore say that open contact will begin in your year of 2027.
图片
问：所以，您是说大部分人类都会经历公开接触？So you said that the majority of humanity will experience open contact.
巴夏：是的，随着时间推移。Over time, yes.
《外星接触电影Elio，今年夏天上映》
图片
问：哪些人不会经历公开接触？他们可能具备哪些特点，或者缺少哪些特点，使他们无法与外星公开接触的现实对齐？那么，是不是遵循兴奋公式的人对公开接触充满渴望，就一定能保证体验到吗？What part of humanity will not experience it? What characteristics might they have or lack that prevent them from aligning with that reality? And does this mean that everybody who follows the formula and feels excited about open contact is guaranteed to experience it?
图片
巴夏：没有保证不保证的说法，但这通常是有可能发生的外星接触的，如果你允许自己提升进入高频率状态。那么提升到更高振动频率的自然结果是，你至少在振动频率上与外星文明以及存在于同一层面的灵体达到某种程度的兼容。所以在大多数情况下，答案是肯定的。但如果体验公开接触不在灵魂的生命计划之中，或者如果灵魂选择深陷消极并选择一条没有“外星公开接触”的道路，这些仍然是有可能的，因为你们始终拥有自由意志，可以自由选择。在你们的星球上，不体验公开接触将不会是常态，但仍存在可能。有些人可能不想体验“外星人公开接触”，他们会通过转移到另一个现实来移除自己，这也意味着他们可能在外星公开接触之前就已离世，或者他们永远无法出现在那些能直接体验外星生命的现实的你们星球上的地方，即使他们只是听说过“好像发生了外星人公开接触”这件事。There are no guarantees, but it is generally considered probable if you allow yourself to move into a higher frequency. It is a natural result of moving into a higher frequency that is commensurate or at least vibrationally compatible to some degree with extraterrestrials and spirits that exist on that level. So, for the most part, yes. But if it is not part of a life plan of a soul to experience it, or if a soul chooses to remain in great negativity and chooses to go down another path that does not have contact, then those are still possible because you always have free will and the freedom to choose. It will not be a common thing on your planet, but there may still be the possibility that some people will not want to experience open contact. They may remove themselves by shifting to another reality, and that can also mean that they may simply die before it happens or they will simply never be in a place on your planet where they will ever really directly experience it even though they may hear that it is happening.
图片
问：说到这，我们必须达到什么频率阈值？如果低于这个频率，就无法和外星人接触？And on that note, is there a threshold frequency that we must have? So if you're under that, you will not experience contact?
巴夏：这要看情况，能体验外星公开接触所需要的频率范围很广，在这个范围之内你都会以某种方式体验到接触，而这些与外星人接触的方式依然能帮助你提升频率，从而再次获得更丰富的外星接触体验。记住，这将分阶段进行，在你的承受范围内，以你能充分吸收的方式，让你们更愿意逐步提升自身频率。如果这是每个人都必须经历的步骤，但总的来说，我们的意思是，正如我们向你们传递频率一样，就以我们感知这些频率的视角来标示的话，低于3万赫兹每秒的频率可能无法体验公开接触。这会太危险了。再说，就算频率达到4万赫兹每秒到5万赫兹每秒，外星公开接触也可能对你而言时有时无，和你有很大的距离，即使你可能有所耳闻。若想更直接地与外星人互动，个人至少需要运作在至少8万赫兹每秒到10万赫兹每秒以上，才能安全的直接的体验外星公开接触。That depends, and there's a wide range and window of frequencies that will still allow you to experience contact in a certain way, and it can help you develop higher frequencies that will allow you to experience more of it again. Remember this will be done in phases in ways that you can handle, in ways you can absorb, in ways that will allow you to be willing to raise your frequency over time if that is necessary process for each individual. But the idea is that generally speaking, in the way that we have delivered frequencies to you, in the way we mean it in the way we perceive those frequencies, something below 30,000 cycles per second will most likely not experience open contact. It would be too dangerous. Again, the idea of operating even at 40,000 and 50,000 cycles per second may allow open contact to be relatively distant, remote, or intermittent even though you know about it. In terms of interacting with ETs more directly, it will probably be necessary for an individual to operate at least above 80,000 to 100,000 cycles per second in the way that we mean that reading.
图片
问：当外星飞船静止悬停在水面被大家看到时，是否会有一些国家对外星飞船采取军事行动，即使外星飞船毫无威胁？如果真的采取行动，飞船会直接离开，还是会采取其他回应？When ET ships hover motionless over a body of water for all to see, is there concern that some countries might take military action against them even if they pose no threat? And if such action is taken, would the ships simply leave or how would they respond?
巴夏：飞船会直接隐形。事实上，这无论如何就是过程的一部分。也就是说，它们可能会先现身，然后隐形，这样看起来就像从那里消失了一样。然后他们会现身，接着隐形。然后他们会现身，像在玩捉迷藏，为了让你习惯外星飞船就在那里，并且在视觉上以某种方式消失，这样你就能放松地接受外星飞船的存在。用这种方式，你就能更快地习惯他们的存在，因为你会意识到外星飞船来了，然后他们消失，接着又出现，然后又消失不见。于是这种方式会让人类很快就会适应外星飞船存在，比外星飞船一直不隐身的悬浮在那里的方式更快的接受外星人的存在，因为它让你们有机会明白，我们外星人愿意消失，愿意离开，如果你们不选择以适合公开接触的方式与我们互动。The ships would simply cloak. In fact, this may be actually part of the process anyway. In other words, they may reveal themselves and then they will cloak so that they seem not to be there. And then they will reveal themselves and then they will cloak. And then they will reveal themselves playing a sort of hide-and-seek game to get you used to the idea that they are there and yet to remove themselves in a certain way visually so that you can relax about the idea of our presence. This way you can get used to them more quickly over time because you will realize that they come and then they disappear and then they are there and then they are not. And very quickly you will get used to the idea, more quickly than if we just stayed there. Because it gives you the opportunity to understand that we are willing to disappear, willing to go away if you do not choose to interact with us in a way that is appropriate to open contact.
问：现在外星飞船已经有很多在那里了吗？但他们现在都隐形了？And are many of them already there but they're cloaked right now?
巴夏：有些飞船隐形了，但不是全部，我不会给你们坐标的。Some not all, not going to give you coordinates.
问：我们人口中有多少是生活在我们之中的外星人？我们该如何与他们建立联系？他们会允许世界大战爆发吗？What percentage of our population consists of ETs living among us? And how can we connect with them? And will they allow a world war to happen?
“负责任的回应” ———关于巴夏的大选评论的3000字深度解读
巴夏：他们不会允许爆发核大战。如果你们想用枪、炮、棍、棒、刀剑、冷兵器加常规炸弹打世界大战，那是你们的事（巴夏式嘲讽）。不过，生活在地球上的外星人不会让事态失控，因为在这个特殊时期，周期，人类的持续进化至关重要，具体原因现在不便透露。所以生活在地球上的外星人是不会允许世界大战真正发生的，但与此同时，他们实际上并没有干涉。他们正在采取行动，帮助你们星球上渴望和谐与和平的人们选择更和谐、和平的生活，从而避免像世界大战的这种事情。所以这需要人类与外星人之间彼此合作。外星人是不会单方面帮助你们，但善良的外星人们早已在幕后与你们星球上的某些人展开合作，为了让你们有更好的机会选择不同的未来。你们很可能能证明到我们之前已经说过的事实：即使我们最初给了你们五年内就外星公开接触的时间窗口，现在我们几乎可以90%肯定地说，外星的公开接触将在2027年正式开始，只剩两年了！！！！！！！！They will not allow a nuclear world war to happen. If you want to fight a world war with guns and sticks and swords and knives and bombs other than nuclear, that's up to you. However, they're not really going to let that go too far because in this particular cycle, it's very important that humanity continue to evolve for a variety of reasons we will not go into right now. So they will not really allow the idea of a world war to happen, but at the same time, they're not really intervening or interfering. They are doing some things that can allow people on your planet who desire a more harmonious and peaceful existence to choose those things and steer yourselves away from such an outcome. So it's going to be something that will be done in concert with each other. They're not just going to do it for you, but they have been working behind the scenes with certain individuals on your planet already to give you the best possible opportunity to choose a different future. It is more than likely that you will, as evidenced by the fact that we have already just said, that even though we originally gave you a five-year window in which contact would occur, we can now say with almost 90% certainty that open contact will begin in your year of 2027, which is only two years away.
Jubilee：2025.3.9最新ufo纪录片《揭露时代首映》，里面的嘉宾有来自近些年美国国会uap听证会揭露发起人，还有内部人员。感兴趣的朋友可以全网搜搜看。
《外星人和人类接触的队已经排好啦》
问：接下来是下一个问题。即将参军的人问：外星公开接触会影响军队的组织架构吗？如果会，又会如何影响？And this leads into the next question. As someone about to join the military, will open contact affect the structure or dependency of the military? And if so, how?
巴夏：是的，一切都会受外星公开接触的影响。但关键在于，你们星球的军人在有些事上做的非常优秀和卓越，尤其是在紧急救援等方面。军队现有的职能将会得到进一步加强，而且你们星球的军队在协助、帮助方面会很有价值，比如协助运送各类物资以及提供服务、调配资源，在全球范围内进行物资分配，因为他们拥有相应的资源和基础设施。因此，他们非常擅长在自然灾害中展开救援。他们擅长在全球范围内分配资源，以多种方式。军队在组织此类事务上本就训练有素，外星公开接触后，他们还会扩展这些特殊能力。Yes, it'll affect everything. But the idea is that there are things that the military on your planet does wonderfully, does best as an emergency service, as a rescue operation, things like that. Those kinds of functions that the military already perform will be enhanced and heightened, and the militaries of your planet can actually be very valuable in aiding and assisting in the delivery of goods and services and resources and distribution of things around your world because they have the resources and infrastructure to do so. So they will be very good for rescue in natural disasters. They will be very good for the distribution of resources around your planet in a variety of ways. The militaries are very well organized to do these kinds of things already, and they will expand these particular abilities after open contact.

