巴夏：为什么2027外星人要和地球公开接触
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee
2025.6.27

前言：

暴露外星人的振动会提高自身振动与灵域沟通、心电感应发展，外星接触的发生帷幕面纱将被移除或变得稀薄。2027巨变的先决条件是外星公开接触。


问：与外星文明的接触主要发生在更高意识层面，或者我们能看见他们吗？并且像人类一样，在3D物理世界与他们互动？实体地。

Attack with aliens happen primarily on a higher consciousness level or will we be able to see them and interact with them in the physical 3D realm like we do with other human Physically.


巴夏：当然，随着时间推移，与外星人的物理互动也会让你更有机会了解与外星世界更高频率层面的连接。

Of course, interaction with them physically over time will allow you also the opportunity to become more aware of the connections that exist on higher frequency levels.


问：

这是关于CE5（外星接触练习）的问题。

And this question is about CE5 communications.


提问者想知道：如何在CE5中与出现的ETs交流？

This person is asking how can I communicate with ETs once they show up on a CE5?


它们总是在我的CE5中出现，我想学着如何与它们沟通，用心灵感应和它们交流。

They always show up on my CE5 and I would like to learn how to communicate and have a conversation with them telepathically.


巴夏：

传递感觉和图像。当然，在公开接触之后，暴露在外星人在你身边的现实里，人类的心灵感应能力就会逐渐发展。

Send out feelings and images. And of course, after open contact, Exposure over the course of several years to extraterrestrial presences will allow humanity to develop their telepathic abilities.


问：你现在说的这种心灵感应，听起来和我们与动物交流的方式很像。

And the telepathy you're talking about right now sounds very similar to the way we can communicate with animals.


巴夏：

是的。Yes.


问：这么说，与动物的心电感应练习能算是一种预备心电感应的体验吗？学会用心灵感应和动物交流，会有帮助？

 Is that in a sense animals are sort of a preparatory experience? If you learn how to telepathically communicate with animals, that will help?


巴夏：

是的，在某种程度上，它们代表着一种途径，借此，你也能学会和外星人交流。

Yes, on one level they are representative of the way in which you will learn to communicate with extraterrestrials as well.


问：

首次接触之后，您还会继续通过代罗传递信息来引导我们吗？我希望你会这么做。

And after first contact will you continue to channel through Daryl and guide us? I hope you will.


巴夏：为了某些特定目的，会不定期地进行，但我们爱莎莎妮人会有更直接的其他与人互动的方式且不仅限于通灵这一种形式。

Intermittently for certain very specific purposes but there will be other forms of communication that will take precedence in more direct ways. 


问：

一旦我们公开接触，并且情况稳定后，并且ETs被引入地球，面纱帷幕矩阵会完全破碎或消失吗？那些不想再在此转世的灵魂，可以离开了吗？

And once we have open contact and it's been established and ETs are introduced into our earth world will the veil matrix basically fully shatter or lift allowing the souls that no longer want to incarnate here to move on?



巴夏：

认为灵魂无法自由选择的想法是错误的想法，是一种误解。没有任何事物能阻止灵魂的自由意志，从而决定灵魂真的想做什么。

The idea that souls are prevented from choosing whatever they wish is erroneous and a misunderstanding. There is nothing that prevents a soul with its free will from deciding exactly what it is it wishes to do.



而且灵魂不会以任何形式被强迫化身于这个世界。这始终是自己的选择。但关键在于，接触地外振动，无疑能让人类更容易与灵直接沟通，因为某些地外生命的高频振动非常相似，与灵域的振动频率相似。因此，你们所说的“面纱帷幕”会变得更薄，从而让你更容易与灵沟通，在未来，因为你们的身体会接触到更高频的外星人。

and it is not forced in any way, shape or form to incarnate. It is always a choice. But the idea is that exposure to extraterrestrial vibrations will certainly allow humanity to develop more ability to communicate with spirit as well because the high vibrations of certain extraterrestrials is very similar to the idea of the vibration of the spirit realm. So in that sense, the so-called veil that you're referring to will appear thinner and allow you to communicate with the idea of spirits more readily over the course of the years that you will be exposed physically to higher frequency extraterrestrials.


但如果说帷幕面纱变薄，或者某种程度上移除帷幕面纱，都不会以任何形式影响灵的选择自身经历的能力。灵魂永不会被强迫。

But the idea of the thinning or removal of that veil to some degree will not in any way, shape or form have anything to do with the soul's ability to choose what experience it wishes to have. It is never forced to do anything.


问：

好的，那该如何向家人介绍，让朋友们也了解一下，公开接触可能很快就会发生？

Okay, and how does one introduce family and friends to the possibility of open contact happening soon?


巴夏：

你可以用任何方式探索公开接触的想法，只要你充满想象力的去实践，就不必强求别人相信。因为很快，外星人来到地球的真相将公告于全天下。

You can explore the idea of open contact in any way, shape or form your imagination so desires without the idea of insistence that anyone must believe it. It will be self-evident soon enough.



问：

这个人说，他正在进修心理咨询师。我一直在想，如果公开接触在2027年发生，很多人可能都需要心理疏导，来应对这一切。

And this individual is saying they're currently studying to become a counselor. I've been thinking that when open contact occurs in 2027 many people might need support to process the experience and everything that goes with it.


这说法准确吗？或者说，身处接触发生的时间线，是否意味着人们的精神层面已经为这些特殊事件做好了心理准备？

Is that accurate or does being on the timeline where contact occurs mean that people will already be mentally and psychologically prepared for these extraordinary events?


巴夏：

不，许多人们需要被帮助接受外星人来到现实的冲击的心理疏导。他们需要协助，很多人都需要。并非所有人，但多数人需要。有些人准备得更充分面对外星人来到地球的现实，而有些人则对外星人来到地球的准备不足。因此他们可能需要支援。

No, they will need support. They will need assistance, many of them. Not all of them, but many of them. Some people will be better prepared and some people will be less well prepared. And so they may require some support.



问：

在最近的问答环节中，巴夏说过，或者你说过，至今未被提及的问题是：为何现在进行“公开接触”？我很想进一步了解。

And in a recent Q&A, Bashar said, or you said that the question that hasn't been asked yet is why now for open contact? I would love to know more about that.



巴夏：

嗯，还是老话，这和一个周期的终结有关，以及另一周期的开始，正如预言所说，许多古老文明也曾预言过。人们已经认识到地球经历过许多周期，地球上现实的多次转变，将你们从一个时代带入另一个时代。而现在，正是这个变革周期时刻再次到来。

Well, again, it has to do with the ending of one cycle and the beginning of another, as even has been foretold and predicted by many indigenous cultures. The recognition that there have been many cycles on the earth many shifts of reality on the earth that take you from one age to another age. And this is that time again.



所以，这是对正经历新旧时代更替的认知，从一种现实转向另一种现实。

So it is the recognition of going through the process Transforming from an old age to a newer age. from shifting to one reality to another.



问：

人类现在能采取的，最具变革性的行动是什么？从而实现最高潜能，创造和谐、可持续的未来？

What is the single most transformative action humanity can take right now to align with its highest potential and create a harmonious, sustainable future?



巴夏：

理想情况下，一直在听我们讲话的许多人应该知道，答案是遵循那个公式。

I think at this point, ideally many individuals who have been listening to us will know that the answer is follow the formula.


问：

随着2027年越来越近，这个人说，他对“公开接触”感到非常兴奋。在对外星生命如此着迷的情况下，他们是如何保持专注以至于保持能量稳定，并应对“公开接触”的体验？他们该如何做好准备？

And as we get closer to 2027 this person's saying they feel very excited about open contact. How do they keep their energy in a grounded state while they're so intensely interested in extraterrestrials and the experience of open contact? How can they best prepare?



巴夏：

再次记住，遵循公式，服务于他人，服务于人类。这能让你保持接地和稳定。

Remember again, follow the formula in service to others, in service to humanity. That will keep you grounded.


问：

当提到“人类变革”，据说2027年会发生巨变。这其中有外星接触的关联吗？如果是这样，您能更深入地解释一下这个2027巨变的含义吗？以及这种社会巨变对外星公开接触有何影响？

They immediately thought of human design. They're not an expert but they have read that a huge shift is supposed to take place in 2027. Is there a relationship there? And if so, could you please share more insight into what this shift will mean and how it contributes to open contact.


巴夏：正是因为首先有了外星公开接触，这种巨变的影响然后会逐渐渗透到你们的社会，而这促使了2027巨变发生。所以，2027全人类与外星人公开接触是造成2027人类巨变的先决条件。

It is because of open contact that the effects will then ripple through your society and that is the shift. So the shift is a condition that brings about the ability for open contact to occur.


随后，与外星人的持续接触将进一步加速人类社会的转变。正如我们之前讨论过，当人类步入2027，意味着一个周期的结束，和新周期的开始。这就是转变的意义，也就是进入地球进化的新时代和新周期，通过某种途径，人类得以升级和重置，从而加速进化，不断提升。

and then open contact also accelerating the idea of the shift as we already discussed, being the ending of one cycle and the beginning of another. So that is what the shift is all about is entering a new age, a new cycle of Earth's evolutionary period, the upgrading and resetting of humanity along a path that allow them to accelerate evolutionarily forward and upward.


因此，“外星公开接触”是这种体验的重要组成部分，因为与外星人接触将能扩展你的意识，让你意识到你比自己认为的更加盛大，也让你意识到宇宙的丰盛远超你的想象。

and thus the idea of open contact is a large part of that experience because it expands your awareness not only that you are more than you think of yourselves to be but that there is more in the cosmos than you have imagined.


