巴夏：外星公开接触的那天能量感受
20.2.24

翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee

问：

As we know, open contact will happen within five years. Are we going to have a certain feeling in our energy in the day of open-contact?

我们知道，公开接触会在五年内发生。公开接触那天，我们的能量会有特别的感觉吗？



巴夏：

Yes, of course you will.But that depends on what it is you bring to the experience.

当然你会有感觉。但这取决于你赋予这段经历什么意义。



问：

For example, for someone that really cleared their energy and they worked with themselves by that time.

比如，对于那些彻底净化了自身能量的人，并且在那之前就不断精进自己的人。



um how how would they feel how would be the energy in that day?

嗯，他们会有什么感觉？那天的能量状态会如何？



because I feel like it will be kind of a particular uh feeling.

因为我觉得那一刻会有种非常特别的感受。


巴夏：

again it depends on the person.

当然，这也因人而异。


but in general you may find that your heart will swell with relief and release and love you may have tears flowing from your eyes.

但一般来说，你会发现你的内心会充满解脱感，释放和爱意，你会感动落泪。


You may experience a great deal of ecstasy or elation or feel almost like you’re floating.

你可能会感受到极度的狂喜或兴高采烈，感觉轻飘飘的。



It can be different for different people.

每个人感受可能不同。


Some people will feel even more grounded, more connected to nature.

有些人会感到更加脚踏实地，与自然联系更紧密。


Some people may feel that their prayers have been answered, so to speak.

有些人会觉得他们的祈祷得到了回应。


Some people may feel the potential of the challenges that await you in the future that will expand humanity beyond your imaginations.

有些人或许能感受到未来挑战所蕴含的可能性，这些挑战将超乎人类的想象。


You can feel it in a number of different ways from exposure to the vibration of the extraterrestrials that will be first introduced to your society.

你们会以各种方式感受到它，通过接触外星人的振动频率，这些外星人将首次进入你们的社会。


Some of you may receive telepathic contacts.

你们中有些人可能会接收到外星接触的心灵感应。


You may find your mind opening up and clarity as you drop all of the negative and fear-based beliefs that you’ve been holding on to.

你们或许会发现心智变得开放，随着你们放下所有负面以及那些基于恐惧的信念，你们会感到前所未有的清晰。


Some of you may find it a little more challenging to deal with those things and some of you may not experience contact at all.

有些人可能会觉得处理起来比较困难，也可能有人完全没有外星接触。



depending upon the belief systems you brought to the experience.

这取决于你对公开接触的信念。


So again, it depends upon the different individuals.

所以说，还是因人而异。


But for those who have cleared out most of their ideas of negative beliefs, fear-based beliefs, for those who are willing to open up, you may experience some of the things that we have already just described.

但对于那些清除了大部分负面和恐惧信念的人，对于那些愿意敞开心扉的人，你也许会体验到我们刚才所说的一些事情。


问：

That’s amazing. Thank you so much.

太棒了。非常感谢。



