巴夏：外星接触将超越感官限制
25.05.15
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee



问1：巴夏，我叫斯蒂芬妮，住在亚利桑那州。我的问题是关于我身患残疾。我是法定盲人。我想知道这是否会阻碍我提升，或者说，它是否会阻碍我看见外星人或他们的飞船。我正在努力克服恐惧，但我担心我什么都看不到会阻碍我。会是这样吗？

Bashar, my name is Stephanie and I live in Arizona. And my question is in reference to I have a disability. I'm legally blind. And I'm wondering if that is a reason for me not ascending, or if it's blocking me from being able to see any ETs or craft. I'm working on my fear, but I am afraid that that could be blocking me. Can that be the case?

图片




巴夏：胡说。事实上，这反而可能是你的优势，因为它能让你放下对所见之物的执念和期待。要知道，大多数可能与你接触的外星居民都具有心灵感应能力。他们能将图像投射到你的脑海中，不受你眼睛所见的影响。所以说，这绝不是什么劣势。或者说，就你所谈论的事情而言，也不是什么障碍。实际上，这反倒可能是个优势。

Nonsense. In fact, it may actually give you an advantage because it removes insistence and expectation What it is you could be the decision. Remember that most extraterrestrial beings who might form contact with you are telepathic and can project images into your mind regardless of what's going on with your eyes. So it is not in any way, shape or form a disadvantage. Or a disability with regard to what you are talking about. In fact, it may be an advantage.



问2：我亲眼看到一个外星人。她脸色苍白。她的虹膜是红色的。她的太阳穴上，我得说，好像有点突起。我有点强势。我很年轻。嗯，不算年轻，二十岁左右，挺傻的。然后我说，我知道你是谁。然后我那样看着她，然后...几周之后，我在白色房间醒来，身边是另一个外星人，红色的眼睛很大。我们进行了交流。感觉很棒，也很正面，但她让我明白了这就是心灵感应的基本原理。只有几分钟而已，但这足够让我更加明白这就是它的实际运作方式。

I was in person walking and I saw an extraterrestrial. She was pale white. She had red irises. She had sort of like protrusions, I would say, on her temples. I was a little bit aggressive. I was very young. Well, not young, but like early 20s, just, you know, foolish. And I said, I know what you are. And I was like giving her a look and... A few weeks after that, I did wake up in the white room with another extraterrestrial that had large red eyes and we had a communication. It was very cool, positive, but she really showed me like, okay, this is basically how telepathy works. It was only a few minutes, but it was enough for me to like really understand more about like, okay, this is how it's actually functioning.



巴夏：是的，再说一遍，共振，协同一致。我们通常称之为心灵感应，因为你必须在振动频率上与他人一致，才能感同身受。所以你会被同步，从而意识到并非你是在读取别人的想法，而是你在读取你自己的想法，恰好在同一时间思考着相同的想法，当你们以相似的频率运行时。而且因为你能识别外星先驱者，意思是，你就能继续维持那种关系，至少在一定程度上，体验到你与外星先驱者的关系。这个想法会增强你的识别能力，你也能识别来自其他领域和实相的频率。

Yes, but again, resonance, alignment. The idea as we typically refer to it is telempathy because you have to align with someone vibrationally to have the same thoughts at the same time. So you're being entrained to realize that it's not that you're reading someone else's mind, it's that you're reading your own mind that happens to be thinking exactly the same thoughts at the same time when you're operating on a similar frequency. And because you had the ability to recognize the precursor being, The idea is that then you were able to continue to have that relationship, at least to some degree, a little bit of an experience of it in the idea that it is enhancing your recognizing abilities your ability to recognize those frequencies Those that come from other domains and other realities.



问：我不明白，她怎么能听到我潜意识的声音，当她和我沟通时。所以我问了她一个问题，你有心灵感应吗？然后她显得很难过，她还向我投射了一大堆我对她说的侮辱之语，但我并非有意为之。然后我又听到了另外两件事，一个是她回答“是”，另一个是我问的“你有心灵感应吗”。所以她似乎能向我展示，所以当交流发生时，她接收到的信息远超我意识到的。

Well, what I don't understand is how I was able to hear my subconscious when she related to me. So I asked her a question, are you telepathic? And then she looked really sad and she projected onto me a whole bunch of insults that I had said to her but I didn't consciously do that. So, and then of course I heard the two other things, which was, yes from her and then also my question which was are you telepathic. So apparently she was able to like show me that when that communication happens she's getting way more than i consciously understand 


巴夏：当然是的。因为在那一层面，意识和潜意识之间没有任何屏障，和无意识之间也没有阻碍。所以至关重要，人们理解心灵感应的运作方式，也要明白你需要有多么清晰的意念，这样那些所谓的“阁楼里的杂物”，那些尘世经历中被隐藏起来的杂物，从某种意义上说，就不会干扰信息的传输。所以你才有机会看到，心灵感应确实能在意识层面发挥作用，在无意识和潜意识层面也是如此。
Absolutely because on that level there are no barriers between the conscious sub-conscious and unconscious mind. So this is why it's so important for people to understand how telepathy really works and to understand how clear you need to be so that the so-called Stuff in the attic that is squirreled away from earthly experiences doesn't, in a sense, clutter up the idea of the transmission. So you were given a great opportunity to see that telepathy really functions on all levels of the conscious, unconscious, and subconscious mind.



问：我明白了。好的，谢谢你。这很好地解答了我的疑问。

I get it. Okay. Thank you. That does answer my question very well. All right. Thank you.






