巴夏：外星混血宝宝如何进入人类社会-养育新时代小朋友
2025.3.24
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee
2025.3




问：

下一个问题，来自安娜丽丝。
Our next question is from Annalise.

这个问题是为所有父母而设的。我们知道，这些充满光的小宝宝代表着未来。作为父母，我们应该怎样去培养他们，从而完成小宝宝们来地球所肩负的使命？
This is for all the parents out there. We know that these little light babies are the future. As parents, in what ways should we be nurturing them to handle the task that they have brought here to accomplish?

巴夏：

首先，当然了，要保持开放的心去向他们学习，因为很多孩子将会是你所遇到的最伟大的老师。这是第一点。
First of all, of course, be open to learning from them because many of those children are some of the greatest teachers you are ever discover. That's number one.

但你们仍然是父母，在某种程度上，也是他们的老师。首先，关键在于用你自己的想象力来，以及你自己的创造力，去创造一个安全空间，在其中创建模拟情景，通过角色扮演，让孩子明白自己选择的后果,这样他们才能真正于现实的公众前真正地做出选择，这样他们就能明白后果，因为你也在教他们：他们和所有人息息相关连接着，没有哪个选择是孤立存在的，每个选择都有影响，他们要明白选择的后果。
You are still the parent, however, and still the teacher to some degree. And the idea is, number one, create with your own imagination and your own creativity a safe space in which you can create simulations and play acting that will allow your child to understand the consequence of the choices they are making before they actually make that choice out what you call the general real world the public so that they can understand what the consequences are because you also teach them that they're connected to everyone and there is no such thing as a choice made in isolation. It always has an effect and they need to understand what the consequences of those choices are.


第二，为人父母，无论你们秉持何种信念，为了能让孩子们在物质界现实和社会中更好地生存茁壮成长，请发挥创造力和想象力，设计课程以适应他们的兴趣点，别为了上课而扼杀了他们的兴趣。明白了吗？
Secondly, whatever it is you believe as a parent that they need to learn as a lesson to thrive in physical reality and thrive in a collective society. Use again your creativity and imagination to figure out a way to adapt the lesson to their excitement not diminish their excitement into the lesson. Do you understand?

所以，还要教他们兴奋公式。告诉他们，他们可以足够强大，强大到能创造出任何他们所需要的生活，而不伤害自己或他人。因为这才是衡量一个人是否有力量的真相：因为当有人试图把自己的想法强加于人时，那不是拥有力量的体现，而是没有力量的表现。摧毁一个东西根本不需要力量，而创造一个事物才是需要力量。
So the idea is also teach them the formula. Teach them that they are as powerful as they need to be to create whatever they need in life without hurting themselves or anyone else. Because that's the true measure of power. When someone needs to force their idea on someone else, that is an admission of powerlessness, not an admission of power. It takes no power to destroy. It takes power to create.

所以，再强调一遍，教他们明辨真正的力量。让他们学会运用幻觉的力量，而不是被力量的幻觉迷惑。所以，这对父母来说是个很好的起点，或监护人，去发挥创造力，用想象力为孩子们创造场景，让他们在充满想象力的环境中成长，既有创造力又渴望学习。因为当你教别人你认为他们需要的知识时，重要的是，利用他们已经感兴趣的事物来教他们，为了保持学习课程的那股热情，他们会一直渴望探索新知。
So the idea is, again, teach them the difference of true power. Let them understand how to use the power of the illusion and not fall under the illusion of power. So that would be a good starting point for any parent or guardian using their creativity and imagination to create scenarios for those children to grow up being imaginative and creative and also wanting to learn because when you teach somebody something that you think they need to know that's important for them to know by using what they're already excited about to adapt their excitement in learning that lesson they will always be eager to learn.

这样，你就能培养出一个乐于学习的成年人，并且善于从各种境况中学习，因为他们会明白，通过你创造的情境，他们可以将任何情况转化为优势---如果他们以积极的态度面对，那么生活中遇到的每一次挑战都是他们需要学习的一课，那是他们为自己规划的人生道路。所以他们会用好奇心而不是恐惧来面对挑战。
And therefore you will develop an adult who is willing to absorb and learn from every situation because they will already understand from what you have created in these scenarios that they can use every situation to their advantage if they approach every single challenge that comes up in their life as an understanding that this is a lesson they need to learn that they have laid out for themselves on their life path and therefore approach it with curiosity instead of trepidation.

每次遇到挑战时，那就是你所选择探索的主题。所以保持好奇。这挑战要教我什么？这个挑战是怎么回事？我能从中学习到什么？我该如何前进？挑战如何能积极地推动我前进？如何帮助我更了解，作为灵魂的我是谁？我是如何通过这个肉体媒介来表达的自己的？用好奇心，而非恐惧，来迎接挑战。把这些都教给孩子们。
Every time a challenge comes up that's the themes that you have decided to explore. Get curious. What is this going to teach me? What is this challenge all about? How can I learn a lesson here? How can I move forward there? How can this accelerate me in a positive way? How can this help me learn more about who I am as a soul, as a being that can be expressed through this physical medium? Approach these challenges with curiosity, not with trepidation. Teach your children all of this.

问：

那么，我们现在养育孩子的方式，是否也应该用来重新养育我们自己的内在小孩？
So is it fair to say that the way that we're parenting these children is also the way that we should be reparenting our own inner child?

巴夏：

当然。现在要知道，随着时间的推移，那些被创造出来的外星混血儿童也会来到你们身边。而且，他们也将会是你们的伟大老师。我还要告诉你们，他们之中的一小部分，已经生活在你们中间。你们大多数人并不知道，因为混血儿童开始引入你们社会的方式之一是：通过收养机构。因为他们被遗弃在了门口，没人知道他们的来历。
Yes, of course. Now, understand that over time the hybrid children that have been created will also come to live among you. And they, again, will be great teachers for all of you. And I will tell you this. Some of them, a small percentage of them are already living among you. Most of you don't know that. Because one of the ways that hybrid children have already begun to be introduced into your society is through adoption agencies. Because they've been left on the doorstep. No one knows where they came from.

外星混血儿童知道自己的身份，他们知道自己是外星混血儿。但他们外表与人类无异，人们会把他们收养回自己的家里。那些与这些儿童有共振的人。所以，已经有一小部分外星混血儿童，已经生活在你们的社会里。还会有更多到来。
The hybrid children know who they are. They know they are hybrids. But they look human enough that people will adopt them into their families. The people that resonate with them. So there's a small percentage of hybrid children already living in your society. More will come.

问：谢谢告知。
Thank you for that.

巴夏：不客气。
You're welcome for that.

