巴夏：我有一个不相信外星人存在的男朋友
2025.2.28


翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubileee





问：

提问者说她的男友完全拒绝相信任何与灵魂、不明飞行物和外星人相关的事物。
This questioner is saying that her boyfriend completely refuses to believe anything that has to do with souls, UFOs, ETs.

他和那些与他有相同想法的人，是否在降生地球前就选择了对这些话题视而不见？如果不是，有没有办法让他们醒一醒？
Did he and other people who think like him choose the experience of being closed-minded about these topics before incarnating on earth? And if not, is there a way to help them wake up?

巴夏：

可能没有。没错，灵魂会根据情况选择，从而了解他们会进入一个灵魂、不明飞行物、外星人和意识扩展终将到来的现实，这正是当今时代的主题。
There may not be. Yes, it is a situational choice of the spirit to know that they are going into a reality where things like spirit, UFOs, ETs, the expansion of consciousness are going to become part and parcel of the expansion of humanity in this particular time frame, in this day and age.

因此，他们可能因为恐惧这些事物而拒绝承认其可能性，这是他们自己的选择，也是他们要学习的课题。他们也许学不会，他们的人生道路或许注定无法对这些敞开心扉，但也没关系。
Therefore, going into the idea that they have fear about these things and refuse to acknowledge that they could be possibilities is part of their particular choices and lessons that they have chosen to learn. They may not learn it. It may be their life path to not open up to these things, but that's all right.

或者这只是让他们意识到这些事情确实存在，他们只是害怕现在改变自己的世界观，因为他们的信念系统认为自己无法承受改变，或者认为他们构架的世界都会崩塌。
Again, it may simply be an opportunity for them to realize that these things do exist. They're simply afraid of changing their entire worldview paradigm at this particular point because they have a belief system that says they cannot handle it or that everything would come crashing down.

实际上，没有别的方法能让他们清醒到这些事物存在的事实，除非通过温和的交谈和探索来让他们明白——如果他们愿意去了解。但话说回来，说服他们相信这些事不一定是你的责任，因为你并不了解他们的人生道路。
There's really no way to allow them to wake up to the fact that these things exist other than gentle conversation, gentle exploration if they're willing to be exposed to it. But again, it's not necessarily your job to convince them of these things because you don't know their life path.

他们的人生道路可能就是在某个阶段一直否认这些，直到他们身处某种无法否认的境地，才能幡然醒悟。但我们外星人会看到他们是否做出了那样的选择，没有办法断定拒绝外星人存在就是他们一直所选择的。
Their life path may be to deny these things until a certain point where they will wake themselves up by putting themselves in a circumstance that is undeniable. But we'll see if that's what they have chosen. There's no way to assume that that's what they have chosen.


