巴夏：星际外交官与外星科技助益
翻译整理：飞翔的外星人Jubilee
2025.6.26


问：你好，巴夏。

Hello Bashar.



巴夏：你好。

Hello.



问：

向您致以最诚挚的问候，以及所有参与本次互动的人。

My deepest heartfelt greetings to you and all beings participating in this interaction.



巴夏：

我们也同样献上我们无条件的爱。

And our unconditional love to you as well.



问：

谢谢。

Thank you.



我的第一个问题是：人类需要学习哪些外交或沟通技巧，才能更有效地与外星人和其他非人类智能以积极的方式合作，造福所有生命？

My first question is what Ambassadorial or diplomatic skills may humanity need to learn in order to most constructively cooperate with extraterrestrials and other non-human intelligence in a positive way for all beings.


巴夏：

绝对的透明、诚实、坦诚。别再怀揣着有本质是负面的且有负面后果的秘密，这些负面的秘密，会改变你的振动频率，导致你与那些透明和坦诚的外星人频率不合。

Transparent honesty. Holding onto no consequential secrets. that are negative in nature that would alter your vibration and make you vibrationally incompatible with those who are transparent and honest.



这不代表你必须公开过去的秘密，而是要停止再产生这些有负面后果的秘密。因为当面对面一个高频率的外星生命体时，他们会一眼看穿你的一切。

This doesn't mean that you have to reveal any secrets you may have hold on in the past but it means you have to stop having them. Because when you face a being of high frequency they will see right through you.



问：

公开接触会带来哪些即时和长远的社会变革？

What will be some of the immediate and long-term societal changes of open contact?



巴夏：

实际上，你们会逐渐了解到一些技术突破，外星人已经在协助你们星球的科学家创造出一些你们原以为是自己的技术，但其实是来自外星领域的技术。

Well, technologically you will understand that certain technological breakthroughs have already been assisted in working with certain scientists on your planet to create certain things that you thought came from other sources.


一些基因医学的升级改造技术，其实来源于外星人和你们的科学家、医生们交流诞生的，也许十年左右，未来医学的一个主要分支将是基因工程和基因技术，基因操控将能治愈多种疾病。

Certain genetic medical upgrades and things like that will be coming more from extraterrestrials. Talk to your scientists, your medical professionals, so that in about a decade or so one of the main branches of your medicine will actually be genetic engineering, genetic technology genetic manipulation that will cure many diseases.



还将有自由能源设备等相关指导，这些技术将由外星文明提供。还将对我们所说的“行星管理”有新的理解，从而以一种对所有人都有利的方式管理地球。

There will also be instruction in things like free energy devices that will be given to you from extraterrestrial sources. There will also be new understanding of what we call planetary management that will allow the planet to be managed in a way that is to the benefit of all.



够了吗？

Is that enough?



问：

是的，太棒了。我的意思是，我想，已经足够了。

Yes, that's great. I mean, more than enough, I guess.


巴夏：目前的例子够用吗？

 I'm asking simply is that enough of an example for now?


观众们：不够，巴夏你再说点呗！



巴夏：

好的。最终你会接受一些技巧训练和科技设备，以至于你们能学会每天和灵魂/灵域沟通。

All right. Eventually you'll be trained in certain techniques that will teach you to communicate with spirits on a daily basis.



问：

哇哦，真酷。

Oh, wow. That's pretty cool.


我还想知道，像我爷爷这样的老人，那项技术出现之后，这些外星医疗技术能让他返老还童吗？

I'm also curious to know like for like older people such as my grandfather when that technology comes will he be able to age backwards, so to speak, for medicines?



巴夏：

某种程度上，可以这么说，这就关系到基因技术了。我们还不清楚哪些人能从中受益。

To some degree, again this goes into the idea of the genetic technology. We don't know and can't say exactly which individuals will be capable of taking advantage of that.



但对你们星球上特定年龄的人来说，他们可以在某种程度上，通过这项技术能逆转衰老。

But that will exist on your planet for certain individuals of a certain age who can, to some degree, through that technology reverse their aging process.



某种程度上是这样。对另一些人来说，在外星接触的新现实中成长，长大，未来会有技术延缓他们的衰老，因此他们将会更加长寿。

To some degree. For others, growing up in that reality there will be techniques that will allow them not to age as much. And so they will live longer.


最终，大约五十年后，在你们的星球上，你们的平均寿命将达到130到150岁。
Ultimately, in about five decades on your planet your average age will be about 130 to 150.

问：真酷cool。

That's pretty cool.




巴夏：又是这个温度。

There's that temperature again.



