巴夏：“公开接触”的暗示
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar
 2024年11月23日 20:00 福建


问：
我知道你最近刚做了一场传讯，并且，在上次采访中，你说在11月还有一场标题为《圣多纳的回响》的传讯

对于即将到来的这场直播传讯，你能否再说几句？因为大家都想多了解一些巴夏对总统选举的评论
官方直播网址：
https://www.bashar.org/echoes

价格：35美元，无翻译
北京时间：11月24日凌晨3点左右（明天）
Darryl:
Yeah well I do have to kind of leave that up to Bashar.
这个问题，我想，还是交给巴夏吧

Because he is going to explain what it is that he said and why he said it back in the Sedona transmission.
届时，他将解释他在圣多纳传讯时所说的，以及他为什么这么说

And that's why that's titled echoes of Sedona.
这也是为什么下一场的标题为《圣多纳的回响》

But I'm going to leave it up to him to explain it. Because I'm sure he can do a better job.
所以，还是让他来说吧。我相信他会说得更好！

Because I don't even have full understanding of what it is that was happening there.
因为，即使是我，也不是完全理解当时所发生的事

I think the one thing that he is going to explain that I can sort of comment on.
但对于他将解答的其中一方面，我可以稍加微评论

You know because it it was unexpected, it was unusual and it was startling that he would actually have made some sort of comment a little bit more deeply involved with our politics than he ever has been.
因为，他居然对我们的Z Z发表了一些比以往更深入的评论，这完全出乎意料，也非同寻常，着实让人吃惊

Because that's usually one of the things he has avoided over literally the course of 40 years. And so I think a lot of people were taken aback and startled and by it surprised by it.
因为，这40多年来，对于我们的Z Z，他通常都是避而不谈的，所以，很多人都被惊掉下巴，错愕不已

But here's the thing.
但事情是这样的

And I know he'll talk about this.
我知道他会谈到这一点的

But I'm just going to offer this. We're going to have open contact very soon.
我也可以肯定地说：很快，我们就开始与外星人的公开接触

Do people not think the ETs are going to get involved in our politics?
难道大家不认为，外星人也会介入到我们的Z Z中吗？

Of course they will 
当然，他们会

they're going to get involved in every aspect of our society.
他们会参与我们社会的方方面面

The fact that he actually checked in with someone and asked the audience if it was okay for him to say something is the closest he could come to an indication that we are getting closer to open contact.
事实上，他先跟某个意识体确认，然后再问观众，他是否可以说一些话，这是他对“我们距离公开接触越来越近”的最直白的暗示

That's why he could say anything at all.
这也是为什么“他什么话都能说”

And the fact that he could say anything at all is an indication that people have to realize that when ETs are presented to us openly and are involved openly with our society, they're going to be involved in every aspect of society.
事实上，“他什么话都能说”这一迹象，表明了：我们人类需要意识到，当外星人公开出现在我们面前，并公开参与到我们的社会中时，那么，他们将参与到我们社会的方方面面

So people need to get get used to the idea that our politics may change according to the way we interact with ETs.
所以，人类需要习惯于我们的Z Z，可能会随着我们与外星人的互动方式的改变而改变

And they may be very willing to comment on our societal structure when they're here and help us go through whatever changes need to happen.
当他们来到地球上，并协助我们渡过任何我们需要经历的改变时，他们也可能非常愿意对我们的社会结构做些评论

So I take it as a sign that contact is very close that he was actually able to say even that much at this point.
所以，他能在这个时候说这些话，我认为，就是我们即将开始与他们接触的迹象

Because it's an indication that they're not just going to be here and and stand around with their arms crossed and watch us go through the same things we've always gone through. They're going to get involved.
因为这表明：他们来到这里，不再只是袖手旁观，作壁上观，看着我们一而再地重复着以往的经历，而是他们将参与进来

So I think humanity has to get used to the idea that ETs are going to be involved in our politics our sociology our spirituality our economics our technology every phase of our society.
所以，我认为，人类要习惯这样的观念，也就是：外星人将参与到我们的Z Z、社会、心灵、经济、科技，我们社会方方面面

So this is what open contact at least one aspect of it means. It's not just all okay we're all just going to hold hands and sing kumbaya.
这是“公开接触”，至少其中一个意义的体现，而不仅仅只是我们“一起手牵手，一起唱颂歌”

It's we're going to re-engineer the world in a very positive way.
我们将携手并进，以非常积极的方式重构这个世界

And that means they have to be able to comment on what's happening here. And people can't freak out about that.
这意味着他们必须能够对地球上所发生的事情发表评论，而且，人类也不会因此感到惊慌

问：
哇哦！


巴夏Bashar
 不滞文字，以心传心 