巴夏：为什么与外星文明接触？
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar
 2024年12月20日 20:48 福建
问：
This person is asking, why should we attempt contact?
这个人问，我们为什么要尝试与外星人接触？

Why work towards it?
为什么要为此付出努力呢？

Where is this leading to?
这将导向何处？

This person is saying they're excited about all that.
这个人说，他对所有这些都感到兴奋

Because sure it's something interesting and fascinating to happen in our ordinary lives.
因为，在（平淡的）日常生活中，这确实是一件饶有趣味，喜闻乐见的事

But why should we work towards that?
但我们为什么要朝这个方向努力呢？

What happens next?
接下来会发生什么呢？

巴夏：
There are no should.
没有什么是“应该”的

You don't have to work towards it, as we said, in our monologue.
就像我们在独白中说的，你不需要为此努力

You can move in that direction or you can choose not to.
你可以朝那个方向前进，也可以选择不这么做

You can choose to do some of the actions in the steps that we are suggesting,
你可以挑选我们建议的步骤中的一部分来实践

Or you can choose to do some of them,
或者，选择其中的几项

Or you can choose to do none of them.
或者，你也可以选择什么都不做

It's completely up to you.
这完全取决于你自己

So we would answer your question by asking you,
现在，我用反问的方式，来回答你的问题：

Why are you involved in these conversations with us at all then?
“你为什么要与我们进行这些对话呢？”

Do you get some benefit out of the information that we share with you?
“你是否从我们分享的信息中，汲取到了某些益处呢？”

Can you imagine how much more beneficial information from different members of the Interstellar Alliance may be in terms of you choosing to adapt some of that information into your life and expand your awareness of what's going on, not only on your own planet, but in the universe at large.
那你能想象得到吗，来自星际联盟不同成员，他们能提供多少的有益的信息？如果你们将其中的一部分融入到你们的生活中，这会多大程度上扩展你们对世间万物的认，这不仅限于你自己的星球，而是整个浩瀚的宇宙

So it's up to you to exercise your imagination and creativity in understanding how much more expansive your experience of life could be when allowing yourself to move forward toward the interaction with many different perspectives, many different kinds of beings and civilizations in much the same way that you expand your reality by choosing different friends, different experiences on your own planet.
这就需要你不断锻炼自己的想象力与创造力，才能逐渐领悟到：当你开始与众多来自不同星球的文明、不同类型的生命体，以及持有不同观点的存在体进行接触和交流时，你的人生经历将会变得何等丰富多彩。

In much the same way that you expand your reality by choosing different friends, different experiences on your own planet.
这一过程，就如同你在地球上通过结交各式各样的朋友、体验多姿多彩的事物，来拓展自己的认知视野一样。

So it's really up to you to decide, 
所以，真的需要你自己来决定

if you're getting benefit out of the information we have been sharing with you for the past 40 of your years, can you not imagine how much more beneficial it would be to start engaging with a multitude of such beings who have all sorts of different information that could benefit you as well.
如果你从过去40年里我们所分享的信息中获益，那么不妨设想一下：当你开始与众多类似我们、且掌握着各种不同信息的外星生命体进行接触与交流时，你是不是也将获得（更多的）益处与启发呢？

But again, it's up to you.
但再重申一次，这取决于你自己

So there are no shoulds.
所以，没有什么是“应该”做的事

You have free reign and free will in determining what it is you're going to get out of making connections to members of the Interstellar Alliance.
在与星际联盟成员的接触中，你将获得何种助益，这完全取决于你的自主权和自由意志
