巴夏：面对面的交流
2025.4.29
问：

As a first contact specialist, when will we get to have the first face-to-face experience with you?

作为一名第一类接触专家，我们何时才能与您进行首次面对面的交流呢？



巴夏：

With me personally or my species?

你是说与我个人，还是与我的种族？  



问：

Both.

两者都包括。



巴夏：

We will not be the first.

我们不会是第一个。



As I said, within the next five years, you will be introduced publicly and openly to different extraterrestrial beings.

正如我所所的，未来五年内，你们将与不同的外星文明进行公开且正式的接触。



Most likely the Pleiadians will be first, followed by certain kinds of hybrids.

昴宿星Pleiadians人极有可能是第一个，紧随其后的，是某些混血种族。 



You will then find other kinds of hybrids like ourselves, being added to the list and introduced.

届时，你们还会发现其他类型的混血种族，包括我们，也将陆续被引荐。



Arcturians will come, Sirius beings will come, eventually the Mantis beings will be introduced to you, and several other species as well.

大角星（Arcturians）人也会现身，天狼星（Sirius）人将会到来，最后，螳螂（Mantis beings）人也将与你们见面，以及其他的一些种族。



So, generally in that order.

大致是这个顺序。



First and foremost, most likely again, the Pleiadians because most of them look a lot like you.

最开始，极有可能是昴宿星（Pleiadians）人，因为他们中的大多数人，与你们外貌极为相似。



You are genetically connected to them and because they seem somewhat familiar and look a little bit like you, you won't, as you say, freak out.

在基因上，你们与他们有着连接，并且，因为他们看起来有点“面熟”，长得又和你们有一些像，你们才不至于像你们说的那样“被吓到”。



After you get used to them, more and more extraterrestrial species will be introduced over the decades one after another in ways that you can absorb in ways that don't push you too far in ways that give you time to acclimate because otherwise what would be the point?

当你们逐渐适应他们之后，在未来的数十年里，将会有越来越多的外星extraterrestrial species种族陆续被引荐给你们，一个接一个地，以你们能够接受的方式，以不会让你们感到过于突兀的方式，让你们有足够的时间去适应，不然的话，这一切又有何意义呢？



And the idea is, again, that you will receive benefits from each and every one of these introductions.

再说一次，你们将从每一次这样的接触中受益匪浅。



First and foremost, understanding that they have been helping you all along behind the scenes, as I already told you.

最重要的是，你们要明白，正如我之前所说，他们一直都在幕后默默地协助你们。



You will also be given gifts in many different ways.

你们还将在许多不同的方面，收到来自他们的礼物。



One of which I've already mentioned is you will be given in a holographic form your entire history on Earth.

其中之一，就是我之前提到的，你们将获得以全息影像形式，呈现完整的地球历史。



So that you can actually see the things that you have forgotten about: Atlantis, the dinosaurs, 

让你们得以亲眼见证那些已被遗忘的过往：亚特兰蒂斯、恐龙……



All of that will be given to you so that you have holographic projections of all of these civilizations that have existed on your planet so you can understand your progression.

所有这些，都将以全息投影的方式展现在你们面前，让你们得以见证地球上曾经存在过的所有文明，从而帮助你们理解自身的演化进程。



It will be the history that is relevant for who you are at the moment the history is given.

届时收到的那份历史，将会与“收到历史的那个时刻”你们的整体意识水平相对应。



Because that answers the question that your history changes every time you change your present.

因为，这也回答了那个问题，也就是：每当你们改变当下，你们的历史也会随之改变。



So, it will be the history that will be relevant for the present in which the present is given.

因此，这份历史礼物，将与你们收到礼物的那个当下，息息相关。



Two uses of the word "present."

“present”这词，身兼二职呢！

（present有“当下”的意思，也有“礼物”的意思）

