巴夏：与“外星人”接触吗？如何准备？
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-09-05


讲解员：

How can we on Earth best prepare for contact?

生活在地球上的我们，该如何做好最完善的准备，以迎接“公开接触”的到来呢？



巴夏：

You have a wonderful and unique opportunity on your planet to recognize that you are living side-by-side with other sentient species.

这个星球上，你们有美妙且独特的机会，可以认识到：你们和其他生灵是共生并存的



The dolphins are, in many ways, one of the most similar sentient species to your own.

在许多方面，海豚都是和你们最为相似的物种之一



We may be extraterrestrial because we don’t come from your world, but because we are genetically related to you, we are not really alien.

我们，可以说是“天外来客”，因为我们并非来自你们的世界，但是，由于我们在基因上和你们是相关连的，所以，我们并不真的算是“异种”



Conversely, the dolphins are not extraterrestrial because they co-inhabit your world with you.

反过来说，海豚并非地球之外的生灵，因为它们和你们，共生并存于你们的世界中



They truly are alien to you.

但，对你们而言，它们却真的是“异种”



Thus by being willing to interact with them and learn to communicate with them, it will actually give you a great opportunity to learn to communicate with other life forms out in the cosmos that truly are alien to you.

因此，如果你们愿意跟它们互动，并且学习跟它们交流，那这其实给了你们一个大好的机会，让你们可以学习如何与来自外太空的其他“异种生命体”交流

图片

April:

In exploring Bashar's suggestion, I developed a strong passion for swimming with wild dolphins and whales, and found that being with them, offers you the opportunity to enter a state of consciousness. That’s actually quite similar to the channeling state.

我依照巴夏的建议，去探索我的人生，在这个过程中，我发展和野生海豚和鲸鱼一同游泳的强烈激情。并且发现，跟它们在一起，让你有机会进入一种意识状态，这种状态其实与“通灵状态”非常相似



From that state, you can access more information, and actually see things from a higher perspective.

在那种状态下，你可以获取更多的资讯，并且能够从更高的视角去看待事物



讲解员：

But do dolphins and whales possess actual languages?

但是，海豚和鲸鱼，是否真的拥有自己的语言呢？



Some researchers are beginning to think so.

有些研究人员开始认为可能确实如此



图片

Laurance Doyle:

I work at the SETI Institute and what I’m going to present is basically an application of information theory to non-human communication.

我在“外星智慧搜寻协会”工作，我要介绍的是一种将「信息理论」运用到「非人类交流」的研究成果



I’ll present one kind of a way of analyzing, and it's a very simple relationship, that's a linguistic relationship and that's called the Zipf’s Law.

我要说的，是一种分析方式，是一种非常简单的语言上的关联性的分析方式，称之为“齐普夫定律”



A linguist, in the early 50s, basically decide to plot the frequency of occurrence, of different letters in books.

在上世纪五十年代初期，一位语言学家，决定要绘制出不同字母出现在书中的频率



And he plotted the log of the frequency of occurrence in rank order, in other words, first, second, third, fourth, and so on.

他记录了每个字母出现在书中的频率，并按序列的方式将其标记出来，换句话说，就是第一、第二、第三、第四，等排列下去



And he said, “The frequency of occurrence of the letter “E” is the most, then I’ll plot the frequency of occurrence of the letter “T” in the book, and then letter “A” and on down.”

他说：“字母E出现的频率是最高的，出现在书中频率次之的是字母T，然后是字母A，再依序继续下去。”

图片

And he found a relationship that is basically -1 slope. In other words, a slope of -1 gives you a 45° angle.

并且，他发现了一个其中的关系，这出现频率的标绘纪录曲线，基本上是以“负1”的斜率呈现。换句话说，一“负1”斜率的曲线，呈现出一个45度的角度



And he did this for letters, and he did it for Chinese characters, and he did it for various phonemes, Russian phonemes.

他用这种方式，分析过各种字母，分析过中文的汉字，还分析过各种“音位”，如俄语的音位

图片

It turns out all human languages produces this -1 slope.

结果显示，所有人类的语言，都会产生这种“负1”斜率的曲线。



And that so what we did is we compiled a dictionary of bottlenose dolphins, their whistle communication system, and we plotted their frequency of the occurrence, and we got a -1 slope for dolphins as well.

于是，我们就编制了一本宽吻海豚的“哨音沟通系统”的语言字典，并分析了它们出现的频率。同样的，我们也得出了“负1”斜率的曲线

图片

图片

And then what happened was two baby dolphins were born at Marine World, and we recorded them, with my colleague Brenda McCowan.

后来，有两只海豚宝宝在海洋世界中诞生了，我和我的同事布兰达?麦克考文，一起记录了它们的语言音位



For humans, when babies are born, they babble, and they produce a kind of the shallow slope.

对人类来说，当小婴儿出生后，他们会牙牙学语，并形成一种低斜率的曲线



And it turns out that the baby dolphins were babbling as well.

结果显示，海豚宝宝也同样会牙牙学语



They landed right on top of human babbling.

且海豚宝宝牙牙学语的斜率曲线，正好落在人类宝宝相同的曲线上

图片

And as they grew up, about after about 12 months, they had this -1 slope.

随着它们渐渐长大，大约在十二个月大之后，便会呈现出这种“负1”斜率的曲线



So, in other words, we determine that baby dolphins are born babbling, and then learned as they grow up.

所以，也就是说，我们确定海豚宝宝天生就能牙牙学语地说话，并在成长过程中不断学习



Based on this information, dolphins have a language.

根据这些资讯，可以认为，海豚有自己的语言



巴夏：

Dolphins, have interacted with your society in many ways.

海豚，已经通过很多方式跟你们社会互动



Dolphins, have guided ships through the seas.

海豚，引导过船只通过某些海域



Dolphins, have saved a drowning swimmer.

海豚，拯救过溺水的游泳者



Dolphins, have even sought humans out when they are injured.

一些受伤的海豚，甚至还寻求过人类的帮助



They truly wish to bond with you.

它们真的很希望能和你们紧密相连



They truly are expressing a desire to interact.

它们真的在表达一种愿和你们互动的渴望

图片

April：

Swimming alongside the dolphins you see, not only this incredible beauty and grace that they exhibit, but you experience a deep sense of freedom, of the limitlessness of their ocean world, and a sense of kinship with them.

和海豚结伴同游，你不仅能看见它们展现出来，那不可思议的美丽和优雅，还能深深地体验海洋世界的无边无际，以及徜徉于其中的自由自在，并且能感受，你对海豚亲人般的爱恋。



It’s like they invite you to become one with them, to become part of their family.

就像是它们邀请你加入它们一样，成为它们家族的一员



Not only does this help people find a clearer sense of their life purpose, it also gives them the opportunity to learn to communicate with another species. One very different from our own, and this can actually act as a precursor and a preparation for the experience of having extraterrestrial contact.

这不仅能帮助人们清楚明白自己的人生目标，也带给他们学习与另一种物种沟通的机会。与一种与我们大不相同的物种的接触体验，的确可以当做是一种与“与外星生命公开接触”的先行试练和前期准备

图片

巴夏：

Humans are stewards of the land.

人类，是陆地上的守护者



The Dolphins and the whales are stewards of the sea.

海豚和鲸鱼，则是海洋世界的守护者

Take advantage of this great opportunity that you have co-created with them to learn to communicate with others species in a variety of ways.

好好利用这个“你们彼此共同创造”的机会，去学习用各种方式和其他物种沟通交流



It will aid and assist you in communications with other beings throughout creation.

这对你们与“遍及宇宙万物的其他生命”之间的沟通交流，会有帮助

图片

When we talk about the idea of having open contact with you, we are not just talking about having open contact with humans;

当我们谈论与你们进行“公开接触”这概念时，我们说的，可不仅仅只是与人类公开接触。



Open contact is with all life, on your planet.

公开接触，是与你们星球上的所有生灵接触



And you will become truly, one society, in a variety of differences that are validated, and supported to form a true harmony, and unity upon your world.

而你们将真正地成为一个“一体的社会”，一个容纳多元差异的社会，并能支持你们，进而建构一个真正和谐统一的世界

讲解员：

If we can learn to communicate with an intelligence species on Earth that is so different from us, perhaps it will not only help us understand beings from the stars, but to respect the differences among ourselves, as well.

如果我们能学会和“地球上与我们的智能大不相同的物种”沟通，或许，这不仅能帮助我们了解来自星系间的物种，同样也能帮助我们理解和尊重人类彼此之间的差异