“巴夏”为何还未降落地球？
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-09-14



巴夏：

We do not mean this in a judgmental or negative way. 

我们说这话，并不带有任何评判或者负面的意思



We are, to some degree, joking a little bit,

某种程度上讲，这可以说是跟你们开的一个小玩笑



but why would we want to land in an insane asylum where all the inmates have guns?

但是，我们为何要降落在一个全名武装、人人带枪的疯狂的“收容所”呢？

图片

There have been occasions when people in your society in these interactions have said,

有几次，在像今天这样和你们互动的场合中，一些人跟我们说：



"Bashar, I know I'm ready.

“巴夏，我知道我准备好了”



I'm ready to meet you today, right now."

“我今天就可以见你了！现在就可以！”



Well, all right! There have been a few occasions where we have agreed to see if that's so

好吧！有几次，我们也想看看是不是真的这样，于是就同意了



and we have named the place and we have named the time that our ship will land. 

我们说了飞船着陆的时间与地点



And those people have been there 

后来，这些人也去了



and as soon, in all occasions, they see or sense that our ship is approaching, that our energy is growing

但每一次，他们一看到我们飞船在靠近，或者他们感觉到我们的能量在增强



they run

他们就跑了



in great fear.

吓得半死

图片



岱罗：

A lot of people wonder, "Why don't they land? Why don't they just reveal themselves?"

很多人都在想：“为什么他们不降落下来？为什么他们不现身呢？”



Now, Bashar has explained that 

巴夏解释过：



a lot of civilizations that are more advanced, more integrated than ours, operate on a very high frequency level of energy.

许多比我们更先进、更整合的文明，他们都运作在非常高频率的能量上



And because we tend to compartmentalize things in our consciousness 

在我们的意识中，我们倾向于对事物进行划分处理



because we give in to negative definitions, fear-based definitions.

其原因，在于我们听从了负面的定义，和基于恐惧的定义



Our energy is kind of erratic, random

因此，我们的能量就变得漂浮不定



and sort of at a lower frequency, more often than not.

很多时候，相对而言，能量频率都比较低

图片

And he's likened the idea to gears.

对此，巴夏用“齿轮”来作类比



So, a higher frequency race will operate like a fast spinning gear

高振频的族群，就像是一个快速转动的齿轮



and a lower frequency civilization will be like a very slowly turning gear.

而低振频的文明，则像是一个转动速度慢得多的齿轮



And if you jam those two gears together too quickly, you'll strip the gears. 

如果你把两个齿轮齿合在一起的速度太快，那二者就会脱离



They have to be more synchronized before you can put them together.

在它们齿合在一起之前，你必须让它们的转速更加同步

图片

So, basically the way Bashar showed me this is,

通过一次经历，巴夏向我说明这个道理



in a dream, I saw his ship land

那是在一次睡梦中，我看见他的飞船降落



and I saw him get out and I saw him walk toward me.

然后，我看见他走出飞船，并朝我走来



And as soon as he got, I don't know, maybe 10, 20 feet away, 

在他距离我差不多十几、二十英尺的时候，具体多远我也不知道

图片

I actually suddenly lost my identity

我突然间失去了自我身份的觉知



and I saw my body through his eyes as if I was absorbed by him

从他的眼中，我似乎看见自己被他吸收了



And he said, "See, that's why. 

然后他说：“你看见了吧，这就是原因



It's like our energy is so much more overwhelming at this high frequency than yours is 

我们能量的频率，比你们高得太多了，对你们具有压倒性的影响



that it can actually overpower your sense of identity.

实际上，会抹灭你们的自我的身份认知



You're not fully integrated enough to sort of hold your own.

因为你们自我整合的程度，还达不到能够在我们面前，维持自己身份的觉知的程度

图片



So, we are delivering information to you, in the way that we are, 

所以，我们以我们的方式，向你们传递信息



so that you absorb it at your own rate, 

这样，你们就可以按自己的节奏，去吸收



you change at your own rate.

以自己的速度，来改变



When you're ready to integrate, 

当你做好整合的准备了



you upgrade your frequency when you're ready. 

你就会在你准备好的时候，提升你的能量



And when you upgrade your frequency enough, 

而当你的能量提升得足够高了



when you kind of meet us halfway,

就像是你们与我们在“半路相遇”



then our energies will be harmonized and synchronized 

那时，我们的能量就会变得更加和谐与同步



and you won't experience this sort of loss of identity or give your power over to us.

于是，你们就不会经历到类似“自我身份认知的散失”或“将你们的力量交托给我们”这样的情况

图片

If we do it too soon, too prematurely, 

如果我们做得太早，在时机未成熟时就开始



we're not really doing you any favors.

那这么做的话，对你们真的没什么助益



It would actually be very disruptive

并且对你们具有极大的破坏性影响



to not only your society, but to you as an individual.

不仅对你们整个社会是这样，对你们个人也是



So, the more you change, 

所以，你们越是改变



the more you grow,

越是成长



the more you become more of yourself, 

越是变得更加“完整的自己”



the more you'll be like us.

那么，你们就变得跟我们越像 



The more compatible we'll be vibrationally

我们的振频，就变得越加“兼容”



and the more we can interact physically. 

我们实体之间的互动，也会越多



And that's when contact will occur.

而那时，就是我们实体接触之时！

图片



巴夏：

This, for us, is how contact begins: 

对我们来说，“接触”是这么开始的：



By the dissemination of ideas, reflections, and information 

我们通过传播一些理念、反射物和信息



that give you the opportunity to absorb them at your own pace in your own timing, at your own discretion,

提供机会，让你们可以根据自己的判断，以自己的节奏，在自己的时机，去吸收它们



for we force no ideas upon you .

因为任何观点，我们都不会强加在你们身上