巴夏：首次公开UFO接触，会是什么样？
原创 笑笑 巴夏Bashar 2017-09-02



解说员：

Bashar has explained that

巴夏跟我们解释过



contact will happen in stages over time 

人类与外星文明的接触，会随着时间的推移，一个阶段一个阶段地发生



so that we're better prepared, 

这样的话，我们的准备工作就可以做得更好



and that one day, when we're ready, 

而当我们准备好的那天来临时



open contact may look something like this. 

“公开接触”可能看起来像这样：

图片



图片

图片

图片

Whether or not you believe ETs are already communicating with Earth through channels 

不论你是否相信外星人已经通过“通灵”的方式跟我们交流



or via other types of encounters, 

或通过其他形式与我们接触



we are nevertheless at the dawn of a new era of exploration

我们仍然处在一个“探索的新纪元”的黎明时分



not only of the vast outer universe, 

不仅仅包括对外在浩瀚宇宙的探索



but also of our deep inner consciousness. 

也包括对我们内心深处的意识的探索



If Bashar and other ETs are in fact real, 

如果巴夏和其他外星人事实上真实存在



two questions remain. 

那么，还有两个问题：



When is open physical contact likely to occur, 

公开的实体接触，可能会在什么时候发生？



and will we be ready when that day comes? 

以及，那一天来临时，我们是否准备好了？



巴夏：

You are going to make a discovery whereby your people will know that it is a fact that extraterrestrial life exists in some way, shape, or form. 

你们将来的某个发现，会让你们的广大民众知道“的确有外星人以某种方式和形态存在”的这一事实



But no matter what that form may be, 

但不论这种形态为何



that will change the mindset 

都将改变你们的思想观念



that will make open contact from an extraterrestrial civilization with your world most probable between your years of 2025 to 2033. 

从而使得某个外星文明可以在2025年至2033年之间，主动发起与你们世界的公开接触



There have been from time to time certain encounters. 

你们星球上时不时地发生过一些接触事件



Not everything that you may see is a ship, 

但你们看见的每个物体，并不都是一艘飞船



not every experience that may seem to be otherworldly is necessarily representative of us or those like us. 

也并不是说你们每一次看似在其他世界的经历，都一定意味着是和我们或那些代表类似我们的生命接触



As far as UFO sightings go, 

至于UFO的目击事件



the primary ones that you need to recognize

你们需要认识和承认的主要有几个：



are the sightings that you have called the "Phoenix Lights" over your Arizona area. 

出现在亚利桑那州上空，你们称之为“凤凰城光点”的事件

图片

Similar craft were spotted in the area you call your Hudson Valley on the East Coast of your United States, 

类似的飞船，在你们美国东海岸的哈德逊谷被发现过

图片

and waves of triangular craft were spotted in the area you call Belgium. 

你们也看到一波接一波三角形飞船，出现在你们的比利时上空

图片

They have showed you their craft

他们向你们展示了他们的飞船



and they have gauged the reaction. 

也测量了你们的反应



So far, the official reaction has been mostly one of denying it ever happened. 

而到目前为止，官方的应对，大部分都是否认这样事件的发生



As the relationship between your world and other worlds grows,

随着你们的世界，与其他世界的关系不断发展



you will venture out to the stars yourselves, 

你们也将展开你们自己的星系探索之旅



and you will visit other worlds, 

你们也将拜访问其他世界



and you will become their UFOs.

而你们也将成为他们的“不明飞行物”