巴夏：残疾是因为你有不同的能力
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-10-20 22:20 




问：你好，我叫谢丽尔，来自多伦多，
Hello my name is Cheryl I'm from Toronto,

我想问问巴夏对残障歧视，歧视残疾人的看法，
And I would like to ask Bashar his insights on ableism and discrimination of the disabled,

我们的社会正在朝着闭塞所有少数残障群体的方向发展，他们仍然被抛在后面，
While Society is going in the direction of occlusion of all minorities that disabled are still left behind,

事实上很少被提及。
And in fact very rarely mentioned.

你能谈谈许多人对残疾人的仇视吗？
If you could also address the hatred of disabled by many?

社会认为他们毫无价值，
And Society seeing them of no value,

当许多人不得不为残疾人做一些不同的事情时，他们会感到非常心烦，
Many people get profoundly upset, when they have to do something different for a disabled person,

我看到的未来是，每个人都被包容，
I see a future where everybody is included,

没有人会被排挤，他们的差异会得到尊重和照顾，
And nobody is other their differences will be celebrated and nurtured,

但我感觉和看到残疾人仍然被抛在了后面。
But I feel and see disabled are still being left behind.

我对残障歧视和一些人赤裸裸的仇恨感到困扰，
And I'm having trouble with ableism discrimination and the outright hatred by some,

谢谢，我中风导致失语症，我讲得不够好，谢谢！
Thank you, I have Aphasia from stroke, I didn't doing pretty good, Thank you!

图片



巴夏：首先，我们会改变定义，你们许多人已经开始在用了，不叫残疾dis-abled，而叫不同的能力dif-abled，
Well, first we would change the definition that many people are starting to use on your planet instead of disabled differently abled,

许多人在投生前会选择这样一种降生的体验，能让他们创造出不同的能力，
Many people will make choices from Spirit to come through in a way and have an experience that creates them to be differently able,

许多人表达对此的厌恶或不适，
Now many people express the idea of hatred for this or discomfort from this,

因为他们害怕，
Because they are afraid,

因为这对他们来说这代表了一种可能发生在他们身上的事，
Because it represents an idea to them of what might happen to them,

他们不希望别人正在经历的事情发生在自己身上。
And they do not wish to experience those things that they see other people experiencing.

而别的那些残疾人足够强大足够勇敢，为了找到其它做事的方式，其它前进的方法，有创造性的、想象力的不同的能力，而以某种方式限制他们自己，
Other people who are strong enough and brave enough to limit themselves in certain ways for the purpose of finding other ways of doing things other ways to move forward creative imaginative ways of being differently able,

这扩展了人类的体验，
This again expands The Human Experience,

让人们看到完成事情有很多不同的方法，
And allow humans to see that there are many different ways to accomplish things,

没有人需要害怕这种事会发生在他们身上。
And that no one needs to be afraid that it's going to happen to them.

即便如此，
But even if it does,

他们仍然在某些层面做了选择和达成协议，向其他人表达你有巨大的潜力，可以做超乎寻常的事情，
They still then will have made the choice and an agreement on a certain level to express to the rest of humanity that you have a great potential to do things beyond the normal beyond the typical,

有时，不同的身体能力会使这一点有效地显现出来，
And that sometimes being differently abled brings this out in force,

当人们用创造力和想象力来克服残疾时，这一点就变得非常明显，
Makes it very obvious, when people have the creativity and Imagination to overcome what appears to be a disability,

把它真正地表达成一种不同的能力，
And truly express it as a different ability,

值得全人类去探索，
Something to explore for all humanity,

如果他们能把它当作教训，那对每个人都是大有裨益的。
It is of great service to everyone, if they will take it for the lesson that it is.