巴夏：孩子为什么也会生病？
2025.4.26
问：

I understand that adults can get ill when they don't follow their path.

我明白，当成年人偏离自己的人生道路时，他们可能会生病。

 

Why are children also born with disease for instance, myopia or blind or other forms of illness?

那为什么有些孩子，一出生就带着疾病呢？比如近视、失明或其他类型的疾病呢？

 

巴夏：

Many souls will choose to come in with what you call certain disease conditions because they are serving humanity as very advanced souls

许多灵魂，会选择带着你们所谓的某些疾病状态降临人间，因为，他们作为非常高级的灵魂，在服务人类。

 

Because the reaction and responses that humanity has to them teach humanity certain lessons like how to cure these diseases, how to not let that happen again, how to learn lessons in life from what they're experiencing in terms of how they have to communicate with people that communicate differently from them.

因为，人类对他们的反应和回应，能够教会人类一些功课，比如，如何治愈这些疾病，如何避免这种情况再次发生，以及如何从他们的经历中汲取人生智慧，尤其是在学习如何与沟通方式迥异的人，进行交流这方面。

 

So, advanced souls will often choose what appear to be great limitations to teach others in humanity the lessons that their life path has asked them to learn.

所以，高级灵魂通常会选择看似巨大的局限，以此来启迪世人领悟他们此生注定要学习的生命课题。

 

Remember that to the soul, this is temporary. This is a dream.This is nothing.

请记住，对灵魂来说，这一切都只是暂时的。这不过是一场梦。这一切，微不足道。  

 

So, the idea is they're willing to take that on because they're very powerful souls and they understand the idea from their heart of hearts of how they can serve humanity best.

所以，他们愿意承担这些，因为，他们是非常强大的灵魂，他们从内心深处，明白自己如何才能最好地服务人类。

 

And sometimes seeing something that looks like a great limitation on them can inspire others in humanity to find and discover things that benefit everyone.

有时候，看到他们身上看似巨大的局限，反而能激励其他人，去探索和发现对所有人都有益的事物。  

 

So they'll do that.

所以，他们会这么做。

 

They'll do that for humanity.

他们会为了人类，而这么做。  

 

That's how unconditional their love and service is.

这就是他们的爱和服务的无条件程度。

 

Just like animals.

就像动物一样。

 

Animals come from the angelic realm.

动物们，来自天使领域。

 

They're not angels but they come from that high vibration.

它们不是天使，却携带着那样高频的振动。

 

And they're here with unconditional love to reflect to humans the lessons that humans need to learn that humans may not be willing to face within themselves but the animals are happy to reflect to you.

它们带着无条件的爱来到世间，如明镜般映照出人类需要学习，却又逃避面对的内在功课。而动物们乐于将这一切如实呈现。

 

By sometimes even taking on the conditions so that there will be no mistake about what the lessons are that you need to pay attention to within yourself by seeing the manifestation of it in the animal.

它们有时甚至会选择亲历这些困境，只为你能通过动物身上所显现的一切，真切无误地看到那些需要你向内觉察的生命课题。

 

That's how much and unconditionally they love you.

它们就是这般无条件地爱着你们！

 

问：

How does that change if somebody gets older and experiences a miraculous healing and they they retrieve their their sight back? Does that change their contract?

如果一个人年岁渐长，却经历了奇迹般的痊愈，比如重获视力，这会改变他们的（灵魂）契约吗？

 

巴夏：

They may have learned the lesson.

他们可能已经领悟了那份功课。  

 

That may be their life path to demonstrate to others how when you make a vibrational change, it changes everything.

那或许是他们人生轨迹所向他人展现的，也就是：当你改变自身频率时，一切都会随之改变。

 

You have in many medical experiences the idea of people that have what you call multiple personalities of one personality exhibiting a certain physical condition and another personality exhibiting something completely different.

在诸多医学案例中，存在着所谓“多重人格”的现象：也就是，其中一个人格，表现出某种特定的身体状况，而另一个人格却截然不同。

 

That shows you the malleability and the flexibility of what you can actually do when you understand that every single thing you do changes everything completely

这向你展示了：当你领悟到，你的每一个细微的举动，都能引发翻天覆地的变化时，你所能展现的可塑性与灵活性，将是多么的无限。

 

And that you break continuity and don't need to experience the next moment in the same way you experienced the last moment.

这样，你便打破了时空的线性，无需再以过去之经历，来体验当下。

 

You can actually go back to zero and say, I am and I understand that I am right here and right now a completely different person, literally,

你甚至可以回归到起始点，然后说：“我就是我，我知道此时此刻的我，已脱胎换骨，焕然一新。”

 

Who is defining themselves this way and who never had that condition. Not don't have that condition anymore, never had that condition.

当一个人能这么定义自己时，那他便从未有过那种情况。不是说，他“不再有”那种情况，而是说，他从未有过那种经历

 

And when the certainty and the conviction is that complete, because you are literally shifting and becoming zero and a new person billions of times a second, the body can exhibit the manifestation of the entirely new person that you have become.

当你拥有如此全然的笃定与坚信，因为你每秒钟都在以亿万次的频率进行着转变、归零和更新，你的身体，便是你改变之后，全新自我的真实呈现。

 

That's how that works.

这就是实相运作的原理。

 

问：

Wow, that's very powerful. Thank you.

哇，这真是太震撼了！谢谢你。

 

巴夏：

Yes, it is.

是的，确实如此。

 

And that will actually in the future be one of the methodologies you will explore in the idea of your health and medical sciences.

在未来，这将是你们在健康和医学领域探索的重要方法之一。

 

问：

Thank you.

谢谢您。


