巴夏：过好自己的人生，最重要
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar
 2024年12月11日 21:45 福建
问：
I'm excited about the prospect of open contact.
对于与外星人公开接触的前景，我感到很兴奋

But a part of me doesn't want to get too excited 
但我一部分的我，又不想让自己过于兴奋。

Because I know I will be disappointed if it doesn't come to fruition.
因为我知道，如果不能实现的话，我会感到失望

How can I balance my excitement with acceptance of whatever comes to pass?
那么，我该如何在保持这份兴奋的同时，又能够接受任何可能发生的结果呢？

巴夏：
If you are interest it at all and following the formula, you will remember that one of the steps is having no insistence or assumption about anything.
如果你真的对它感兴趣，并且按照激情公式去行动，那么，你就会记得，其中一个步骤就是对任何人事物不带有丝毫执着与预期

Just letting it play out.
只是任其自然发展

So remember, it's not absolutely vital in general that a society has to have open contact with extraterrestrial beings.
所以，请记住：通常来说，一个星球文明，是否与外星生命进行公开接触，这并非绝对必要

So the idea is let it play out.
所以，让事态自然发展

The most important thing is that you live your life in the way that you need to, in a way that is exciting for you, in a way that is true for you.
对你来说，最重要的，就是按照内心真正的需求去行动，跟随自己的激情与兴奋，活出真实的自我

If anything is going to lead to open contact, it will be that.
如果有什么能导向公开接触，那也就是这个

But it doesn't have to lead to open contact for you to live an exciting and passionate and creative life.
但公开接触并不是你过上充满激情、创造力和喜悦生活的必要条件

So don't insist on that idea as being more important than you living your own life.
所以，不要执意地认为“它比你过好自己的生活”更重要

That's the most important thing.
这是最重要的

Open contact will occur in those realities where it is important for it to occur, where it is relevant for it to occur.
公开接触，会发生在那些它至关重要，且有关联的现实世界中

We are telling you that it's relevant for your reality, but again, that shouldn't sway you from simply following your passion for its own sake.
我们说，它确实与你们的现实世界有相关，但这也不能让你偏离“纯粹为激情而追求自己的激情”的道路

Remember, regardless of what you think it's going to get you.
不论你的激情，会给你带来什么样的结果（这一点要牢记）

So when you drop your insistence that it has to lead to something in particular, like open contact. Then there will be no disappointment because you will simply have lived a life that feels fulfilled, that feels creative, that feels loving, that feels passionate.
所以，当你放下那些“必须促成某种特定结果”的执念时，比如说，公开接触，那么，你就不会失望，因为你已经过得充实、有爱、充满创造力和激情的生活

And that's the most important thing.
而这，才是最为重要的事

问：
But isn't contact inevitable within the next 5 years like you mentioned?
但你之前不是说，公开接触在未来五年内是不可避免的吗？

巴夏：
是的

As I said, this is what is relevant for your society.
就像我说的，这跟你们星球的演化（发展）息息相关

I'm simply saying it doesn't have to be a condition for you to live a life of passion and joy.
但这并不是你们活得充满激情与喜乐的必要条件

Don't make it so.
不要把与我们的接触看的这么重

Don't rely on us for you to live a life of passion and joy.
不要依赖我们来让你的生活充满激情和喜悦 

That's what we're saying.
这就是我们的意思

相关视频，请进入微信视频号搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar

或者进入逗（Dou）音，搜索
账号：Bashar
账户名：巴夏Bashar
