巴夏：分享小精灵的后续接触经历
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 6月30日2021

问：你好，巴夏，我叫安洁儿，
hi Bashar this is Andra,

我有一些非常令人兴奋的消息要告诉你，我和我的小精灵朋友有了更多的接触，
I have some really really exciting news I made more contact with my elemental friend,

感谢你在我们对话的时候给我的信息，
and thanks to a piece of information that you gave me when we talked,

那样我就能更清楚地看到她，
so I was actually able to see her more clearly.

在我最后一次的仪式期间，
during my last ceremony,

她从我的左肩后面冒出来，径直飞到我前面，
she popped out from behind my left shoulder and flew right in front of me,

然后飞到亮处，飞到我的头顶上方，
and up above into the light that was right above my head,

她还在那里盘旋了一会儿，
and she actually hovered there for a short while,

我能很清楚地看到她，
and I got a really good look at her.

图片


她有蜻蜓的翅膀，
and she had dragonfly wings,

她看起来像是人类和昆虫的混种，
and she looked like a hybrid between a human and an insect,

她有虫子一样的腿，
she had like insect legs,

但绝对是人形的身体，
but definitely a humanoid body.

我不敢相信这能发生，我能好好看到她，
and I almost can't believe that this happened I got a really good look at her,

我激动得无法用语言来表达，
and I'm so excited I can't even put it in words.

我相信你能从我的能量中看出来，
but I'm sure you'll see it in my energy.

我很想告诉你整个故事，
and I would love to tell you the whole story.

里面有很多的情节，改天我告诉你全部故事，
there's a lot more pieces to it I would love to tell you the whole story someday,

但是现在我只想对你说声谢谢！
but for now I just want to say thank you!

谢谢，谢谢！
thank you thank you!

因为是你给我的信息让我能够继续向前，有了这段改变我人生的奇妙经历。
because it was the information that you gave me that allowed me to move forward and have this amazing experience that changed my life.


【之前的对话内容：巴夏：分享精灵的接触经历】


巴夏：首先，你们请记住，精灵并不是固定的实体形态，
first of all again all of you please remember elementals are not fixed in physical form,

他们可以采取任何他们想要的形式，
they can take whatever form they wish,

有时候为了有所帮助，
and sometimes to be of service,

他们会采用象征了代表了你的某些方面能量连接的形态，
they will take forms that are symbolically representative of certain aspects of connections you may have in your own energy.

图片


所以显然这个混种是象征了你与混血议程各个方面的联系，
so the idea is that obviously the hybrid is a symbol that you're connected to the hybrids in different ways to the hybridization agenda.

昆虫一样的四肢象征了你与螳螂人的互动，在混血的互动中你们许多人描述为昆虫一样的生物，
the insect like appendages are an indication of interactions you've had with the beings that are referred to in the hybrid interactions as the mantis beings which many people describe as insect like.

蜻蜓的翅膀可以类似解读为你的一些能量也与非物质实体，其它维度的实体有连接，通常他们在你们现实里的投射被你们看作是“龙”，
the dragonfly wings are kind of a similar interpretation for the idea that some of your energy is also connected to the domain of the non-physical entities other dimensional entities that often when they project themselves into your reality are perceived as the beings you call dragons.

所以为了体现你所在的旅程，以及不同时期不同方面的连接，
so that one elemental was reflecting to you three different kinds of connections that you have that you have created in your reality path,

这个精灵反映给你你在你的实相道路上创造的三种不同类型的连接。
in order to represent the journey that you're on and different aspects of it at different times.