Lyra 莱拉– 昴宿星混血孩子Pleiadian Hybrid
Ashitaka 无限宇宙之爱 2016-08-03 05:35
图片

更多精彩内容，点击标题下方无限宇宙之爱关注我们



Lyra 莱拉– 昴宿星混血孩子Pleiadian Hybrid



图片

By Maxime Valentin 9月 17, 2012



Yesterday, just before falling asleep, during this little moment, not totally awake neither asleep, I became entangled with what I recognized as a wind running through my entire body. The color of the manifestation was a beautiful pink and I felt the presence of many ascended masters!  That was a great experience, I was like a tornado going everywhere, expanding my consciousness… and then, another daughter appeared!! I was thrilled … and a name came : Lena? … Lina?… Lyra! She told me how much she loves me and all the other kids as well!!!



昨天，在入睡之前，在这短暂的一刻，没有完全的清醒，也没有睡着，我卷了进去变得像风贯穿我的整个身体。显现的颜色是美丽的粉红色，我感觉到许多扬升大师的临在！这是一个伟大的体验，我就像一个龙卷风，扩展我的意识……然后，另一个女儿出现了！我很激动……一个名字来了：莱娜？…丽娜？…Lyra莱拉！她告诉我她有多么爱我和所有其他的孩子们！！！



I jumped out of my bed to draw a little sketch since I know myself too well and I would not have remembered that the next morning. So here’s the photoshop version I did. I never thought I could draw so easily, I mean, okay it’s photoshop and you can do whatever you want but I feel the inspiration coming through my vehicle. Indeed, that’s something I also noticed! A subtle difference in my way of communicating, something very important yet to continue in this way. It was not the mind talking or sending thoughts but really with the heart and the waves of emotions running through the body!

我从床上跳了起来，画了一个小素描，因为我知道我感觉太好了，第二天早上就会忘记了的。所以在上面就是我所做PS图象。我从来没有想过我可以这么容易画出来，我的意思是，好的，这是PS图象处理软件，你可以做任何你想做的，但我觉得灵感通过我的媒介。事实上，这是我也注意到的东西！我的沟通方式的一个微妙的区别，一些非常重要的东西，以这种方式继续沟通。这不是心灵的谈话或发送的想法，但是是真的通过身体与心脏和情绪的波动的沟通！



2月 14, 2014 



Naively, after I had be shown my two hybrid daughters who are part of the “Free-lancers” and been explained my part in the “Orion Grey” hybridization program, I thought that that was it. I could put this in a little box and define myself in this way… I was wrong…

在我被证明我的两个混血孩子是“自由者”，我属于“猎户座灰人”杂交计划的一部分。我认为太天真了，我可以把这个放在一个小盒子里，用这种方式来定义我自己……我错了…



图片

Each little guy of my semen is used to create a hybrid!

Hundred of thousand of kids all around the universe in many different civilizations…!!!

For me who thought not so long ago I may never have kids at all 

我的精液中的每一个小家伙都是用来制造一种混血儿！

在宇宙中许多不同的文明世界的成千上万的孩子…！！！

对我来说，不久前，我可能永远都没有孩子



Lyra, my hybrid Pleiadian daughter has a large white collar which represents her origin in regards to her star nation, although she can always change her appearance to what I feel is preferable. She’s a contact specialist in training, she will be communicating with other worlds, working together with other mentors to actually initiate in regards to the training aspect of becoming a contact specialist, very similar to Bashar. I have the ability to personally channel her through automatic writing.

Lyra莱拉（意思为天琴座），我的混血昴宿星女儿，有一个巨大白色的衣领代表了她星际国度的起源，虽然她总是可以改变她的外表让我感觉更好。她是一个正在训练中的接触专家，她将与其他世界沟通，与其他导师一起工作，实际上开始在培训成为一个接触专家的方面，与巴夏非常相似。我有能力亲自通过自动写作通灵她。



And when Adronis depicted her, honestly I was a bit annoyed… How could I be so far from the “truth” with my own child?

当Adronis描述她，老实说我有点恼火…我怎么会离“真理”和我自己的孩子那么远呢？



And I got a really nice answer to that question :

这是我得到这些问题最好的答案：



I don’t need to concern myself too much about the accuracy of appearances, especially from where she resides. The whole idea is that appearance is interchangeable in regards to what they prefer to have. It’s not about being to “nitsy-fitsy” and perfect based. How many depiction have we of the Sirian people for example? How tall, what hair color etc really doesn’t matter. All that matters is the essence. Plus, they can choose to appear to us in a way that we prefer them to be, so when I was seeing black hair, I was not really wrong.

我不需要太多关注在外表的准确性上面，尤其是在她属于哪里。整个想法是，外表是可以更换的，可以换成他们更喜欢的样子。这不是成为“标准”完美的基础。我们有多少描写我天狼星人的例子？多少高，头发什么颜色等真的不重要。重要的是本质。此外，他们可以以我们希望他们所是的样子出现在我们面前，所以当我看到黑色的头发，我不是真的错了。



It’s a real treat to have the opportunity to learn those informations because, it’s been almost a year now that I’ve been into the hybrid children and connecting with them always doubting what I was receiving. Now I enter in a new phase in which I decided to dive into it fully! The most important thing is to have fun in the practice! I forgot that 

这是一个真正的机会去学习这些信息，因为，它已经几乎一年了，现在我已经融入混血孩子，并连接他们虽然总是怀疑我所接受的。现在我进入了一个新的阶段，我决定深入其中！最重要的是在实践中有乐趣！