巴夏：K2-18b和图森门户
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月05日 19:49 辽宁
前言

“这个想法是，大多数人不明白，从某种角度来看，你们的世界就像瑞士奶酪。”

行星K2-18b

K2-18b是一颗围绕M型恒星运行的超级地球系外行星。它的质量是地球的8.92倍，完成其恒星的一个轨道需要32.9天，距离其恒星为0.1429天文单位。它的发现是在2015年宣布的。

K2-18b is a super Earth exoplanet that orbits an M-type star. Its mass is 8.92 Earths, it takes 32.9 days to complete one orbit of its star, and is 0.1429 AU from its star. Its discovery was announced in 2015.

                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                 传讯时间：2024年6月29日

问：你好巴夏，我的问题是关于一颗被称为K2-18b的行星。我只是想知道你是否能告诉我们关于这个星球的任何事情。据推测，这是一颗气态行星或海洋行星。詹姆斯·韦伯太空望远镜显然也发现了二氧化碳和甲烷的证据，至少就我们所知，这是生命的迹象。

Hello Bashar, my question is in regards to a planet that has been dubbed K2-18b.I just wonder if you'd be able to tell us anything about this planet. It's been speculated that it's a gas planet or that it's an ocean planet.It's also apparently the James Webb Space Telescope has found evidence of carbon dioxide and methane, which is indicative of life, at least as far as we know it.

所以我只是想知道你是否能证实这些，或者你能告诉我们关于这个星球的什么，这会引起我们的兴趣，包括我们是否会在我有生之年的任何时候访问它。谢谢，祝你有美好的一天。再见。

So I just wonder if you could verify any of this or what you could tell us about this planet that would be of interest to us, including maybe whether we will be visiting it any time in my lifetime.Thank you. Have a great day. Bye. 

图片

巴夏：在你的有生之年，你不会以肉身造访这个星球。你当然可以通过出体造访一下。那里有生命。它是一种水生生物。最终你们会意识到这一点，但不会花很多年。

You will not visit the planet in your lifetime physically.You can certainly visit it astrally. There is life there. It is an aquatic form of life. Eventually you will realize that, but not for many years.

问：你好，亲爱的巴夏。日安。我的问题是，你能听到吗？

Hello, dear Bishar. Good day. My question, can you hear me? 

巴夏：是的

Yes.

问：我今天的问题是关于亚利桑那州图森市的门户。一些朋友带我去了，我们徒步去了一个门户。这是一个非常大的仙人掌，我们站在它下面，它有着我所感受到的最不可思议的充满爱的感觉。

My question today is about the Tucson, Arizona portals.Some friends took me to, we hiked to a portal. It was a very large saguaro cactus, and we stood under it, and it had the most incredible loving feeling that I've ever felt.

当我们在那里的时候，我的朋友传导了两个仙女座人，他们说他们很高兴我们在那里，他们喜欢人们来看他们，我真的很想回到那里。然后就在同一天，我们登上了莱蒙山，我们去了石林，那里有一个巨大的。。。

My friend channeled two Andromedans while we were there that said that they were very happy that we were there and that they liked it when people came to see them, and I really want to go back there a lot.Then that same day we went on Mount Lemmon, and we went to the hoodoos where there was a huge...

图片

她说这是一个巨大的入口，许多飞船、不同的飞船和种族随时进出。当时非常混乱，声音很大，非常非常嘈杂。所以我想问你的是，你同意那些是门户吗？我的意思是，我的感觉是真实的？

she said it's a massive portal where lots of ships, different ships and races go in and out all the time.It was very chaotic and loud and very, very noisy.My question to you is, do you agree that those are portals?I mean, what I felt was real?

巴夏：是的。这个想法是，大多数人不明白，从某种角度来看，你们的世界就像瑞士奶酪。到处都是洞。到处都是来来往往的人。有门户，有些更强，有些更弱，但到处都有门户将你连接到不同的维度。

Yes. The idea is most people don't understand that from a certain point of view, your world is like Swiss cheese.There's holes everywhere. There's comings and goings everywhere. There are portals, some of them stronger, some of them weaker, but there are portals everywhere connecting you to different dimensions.

这些维度通常被更高频率的存有用来旅行、连接到这些不同的维度或从一个维度穿过另一个维度，也许只是将你们的门户作为一个转换点。所以你们的世界就像充满了洞穴。

that are often used by higher frequency beings to travel and to connect to those different dimensions or to pass through from one dimension to another, maybe simply using your portal as a transition point.So your world is very much like full of holes.