巴夏：《龙之家族》的象征
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年08月02日 23:25 辽宁
前言

龙是外次元存有的象征性投影。

权力的游戏前传：龙族

《权力的游戏前传：龙族》是《维斯特洛世界》的第二部真人电视连续剧。这是整个特许经营权的第二部分。它于 2019 年 10 月由 HBO 订购。前传可以追溯到大约 200 年前，以曾经统治维斯特洛七大王国的无所不能的王朝结束的开始为中心。

House of the Dragon is the second live-action television series of the World of Westeros. It is the second installment of the franchise overall. It was ordered by HBO in October 2019. The prequel goes back approximately 200 years to center on the beginning of the end of the once all-powerful dynasty that dominated the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.

                    译者:阿奎亚 Aquia

                传讯时间：2024年7月27日

问：你说过，我们艺术媒介中的事物象征着我们集体意识的变化。

And you've said things in our artistic media are representative of changes in our collective consciousness.

最近人们重新出现了对龙的迷恋，最近的表现是一个名为《龙之家族》的节目。这是为什么？

There have been a recent reemergence and fascination with dragons, the most recent manifestation being a show called the House of the Dragon.Why is this?

图片

巴夏：再一次，龙是外次元存有的象征性投影。

Again, dragons are a symbolic projection of extra dimensional beings.

它将你与古老的知识和智慧之源连接起来，而你现在正在重拾、重获这些知识和智慧。

that's connecting you to an ancient source of knowledge and wisdom that you are now reclaiming, regaining.

龙作为跨维度存有，在他们自己的现实中看起来并不是这样。

Dragons don't look that way in their own reality as the interdimensional beings that they are.

但这就是他们在你们的物理线性时空现实中被体验和感知的方式，因为他们是如此强大，如此巨大。

But that's how they are experienced and perceived in your physical linear space-time reality because they are so powerful, so big.

这就是 "大蛇 "的概念，它包含知识，但被放大了一千倍。

It's the idea of the serpent that contains knowledge but magnified a thousand times.

图片

它将自己表现为作为集体，作为你拥有的力量和获得古代知识和古代智慧的原型代表，你可以在现在的生活中重新获得这些知识和智慧。

It's presenting itself as the collective, as the archetypal representation of the power and access you have to ancient knowledge and ancient wisdom that you can reclaim in your present life.

正是这种让你热血沸腾的想法，让你能够追随自己的激情，并完全按照激情行事，走上龙的道路。

It's the idea that gets you fired up that allows you to follow your passions and act on them fully, to follow the path of the dragon.

无所畏惧，重获你灵魂的真正力量。这就是龙所代表的象征。

without fear, to reclaim your true soul's power.That's the symbol that it represents.

记住，它还与你的 DNA 有联系，所以它也代表着与能量形式的更高连接。

Remember it's connected also to your DNA so it also represents higher connections to energetic forms.

在非物理模板层面的现实中，这与DNA在物理现实中的形成方式有关。

that in non-physical template level realities have to do with the way DNA is formed in physical reality.

这就是让你自己开始构建第三条 DNA 链的想法。并打开你体内所有休眠的标记，你现在认为这些标记是垃圾 DNA，你认为它们没有任何作用。

And it is the idea of allowing yourself to begin to build a third strand of DNA.and open up all the dormant markers within you that you now consider to be junk DNA that you think don't do anything.

但它确实有，而且随着你打开所有这些标记，它就会有作用。

But it does and it will as you open up all these markers.

随着你们的进化，第三股DNA将在人类内部形成。很多人都认为会有 12 股，但这对于你们的身体和作为人类的你来说是不可能的。

The third strand will build within humanity as you evolve.Many people have thought 12 strands will exist but that is not possible for you physically and remaining as a human.

在整个银河系，在整个宇宙中有的生命。他们比你们拥有更多的 DNA 链，但随着你们成为第六个混血种族，人类最终会进化出第三条DNA链。

There are beings throughout the galaxy, throughout the universe.that have more strands of DNA than you do but humanity will evolve the third strand eventually as you become the sixth hybrid race.

但是，连接 12 股DNA的想法是你在灵性领域和模板领域中强烈连接的东西。

But the idea of connecting to 12 strands is something you connect to energetically in the spirit realm, in the template realm.

它不会物理化。这是超越人类的东西。但这是你作为一个灵魂可以强烈连接的东西。

It doesn't physicalize.That's something that goes beyond the human being.But it is something that you can connect to energetically as a spirit.

问：谢谢。

Thank you.


图片





阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


