巴夏：以诺
25.05.24
前言
以诺的概念已经交织在你们星球原型集体意识的振动层中，曾经有过化身和甚至是你们星球上代表这种能量的特定化身。

以诺

以诺，天主教译哈诺客，希伯来语：????????；Tiberian：??nō?、标准拼法：?anokh，英语为Enoch。在《旧约圣经》中有两个以诺： 其一，为该隐的长子，杀死兄弟亚伯的该隐的第一个儿子。该隐与妻子同房，他妻子就怀孕，生了以诺。该隐建造了一座城，就按着他儿子的名，将那城叫作以诺。其二，塞特的后代，雅列生的儿子。

图片

                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             传讯时间：1996年11月23日

问：今晚我有一个关于詹姆斯·J·赫尔塔克的问题。你熟悉他吗？

I've got a question tonight about James J. Hurtack.Are you familiar with him?

巴夏：在某种程度上熟悉。

To some degree.

问：到什么程度？第三度，嗯？我想知道的是，他有过梅尔卡巴的体验，而这个就是以诺。你能描述一下他到底发生了什么吗？

To what degree? A third degree, huh?What I wanted to find out is he had a Merkaba experience, and with this being Enoch.And can you describe what actually happened to him? 

巴夏：正如我们之前在某种程度上所传递的那样，梅尔卡巴的想法就像观察或感知生理现实宇宙的潜在结构模板。正是在这个意义上，正如我们诗意地称之为上帝的骨头。它看到了所有物质性的想法和结构所建立的潜在模式。在共识现实中，在原型领域。因此，这种体验基本上是，这个人创造了一种振动共振，使得洞察力能够看到。

The idea of the Merkaba, as we have to some degree communicated before, is like viewing or perceiving the underlying structural template of physiological reality universe.It is in that sense, as we have poetically labeled it, the bones of God. It is seeing the underlying pattern upon which all ideas and constructs of physicality are built.In the consensus reality, in the archetypal realm. As such, the experience basically was that this individual had created a vibrational resonance that allowed for the insight to see.

图片
就像x射线视觉一样，底层的结构蓝图模板是一个原型领域，它可以让巨大的变化非常迅速地发生，因为这样你就可以直接进入蓝图，直接进入结构。然后所需要做的就是很少的振动变化，涉及的细节很少。这是该个体最初的一般洞察力和体验。

like an x-ray vision, the underlying structural blueprint template that is the archetypal realm that will allow for great change to come about very rapidly, because then you're going directly to the blueprint, directly to the structure.And all that needs to be made then are very few vibrational changes, very few details are involved.That changes everything. This was the general insight and experience initially had by that individual.

问：好的，以诺，他似乎进行了很多对话。以诺向他们展示了不同的东西。我的意思是，他带着很多信息回来了。

All right, and Enoch, he had a lot of, seems like, conversations. Enoch showed them different things.I mean he came back with a lot of information. 

巴夏：好，再一次，这个想法是，在这个层面上，每一刻都有很多信息，因此，在将其翻译回你们的时间框架时，似乎需要一段时间来解释在那个层面上瞬间理解的一切。因为在这个层面，一切都是一体的，在更大的程度上，你理解更多的事情的速度可能比解释它或以线性方式在你们的三维现实中展示它更快，这就是为什么它有很多信息的原因。

Well, again, the idea is that on that level,there is a lot of information in every moment okay so therefore in translating it back into your time frame it may seem to take a while to explain everything that was understood in the flash of an instant on that level.Because on that level everything is one and to a greater degree you understand more things more quickly then perhaps it takes time to explain that or lay it out in linear fashion in your third-dimensional reality that's why it was a lot of information.

图片


问：是的，我理解你描述他是谁和他的职责。

Yeah I understand this being you describe who he is and his function.

巴夏：在这一点上，以诺的概念已经交织在你们星球原型集体意识的振动层中，曾经有过化身和甚至是你们星球上代表这种能量的特定化身。但在此时，在你们所说的当代时间框架，当你们理解存在的时间时，它已经作为梅尔卡巴能量本身的一部分交织在一起。因此，从某种意义上说，它是这种理解的传播者，是调节你利用对梅尔卡巴能量的理解的能力的振动之门。这对你来说讲得通吗？

At this point the concept of Enoch has become intertwined in a vibrational strata of the archetypal collective consciousness of your planet at one time there were incarnations and even a specific incarnation on your planet that was representative of that energy.But at this, what you call contemporary time frame, as you understand time to exist, it has become interwoven as part of the Merkaba energy itself.In a sense, therefore, the dispenser of that understanding, the vibrational gate that regulates your ability to tap into that understanding of the Merkaba energy.Does that make sense to you? 

问：是的，确实如此。在《知识之书》中，他谈到了更高维度的领域和更低维度的领域，以及亚当和夏娃是如何分享知识之树的果实的，那就是更低的振动维度。

Yes, it does. In the Book of Knowledge, he talks about higher dimensional realms and lower dimensional realms and how Adam and Eve had partake of the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge and what that was, was lower vibrational dimensions.

巴夏：是的，在某种意义上。

Yes, in a sense.

图片


问：他谈到了遗传结构，我想，它是如何。。。当他们参与其中时，他们共享了物质性。肉体性。他们谈论失去光明的外衣。

And he talks about genetic structure and how that, I guess, what it did was...When they partook of it, they partook of materiality. Physicality. Yes.And they talk about losing the garment of light.

巴夏：再次，这是一种致密化概念的委婉说法。

Again, a euphemism for the idea of densification.

问：减缓振动。并且现在，随着加速效应和我们正在经历的提升过程，这就是。。。我想不出这个词。

Slowing down vibration. And now with the speeding up effect and the ascension process that we're going through and all, this is the...I can't... I can't think of the word. 

巴夏：你是说扬升吗？

Do you mean the ascension?

问：是的，那个。。。好吧，这就是我的意思。扬升，这是这件光明之衣的重新应用吗？这就是我们要经历的过程，不是吗？

Yes, the... Well, that's what I mean. The ascension, is that the reapplication of this garment of light?And this is a process that we go through, doesn't it?

巴夏：它已经是，没错。

It has been, yes.

问：好吧，现在这个时候，我们正处于一个可以访问这些高维频率的时刻？

All right, and now at this time, we're at a point where we can access these high dimensional frequencies?

巴夏：越来越如此，越来越如此。不是像你最终会做的那样，而是越来越如此，是的。

More and more and more so. Not as much as you ultimately will, but more and more and more so, yes.




