巴夏：吉尔伽美什
2025.05.04
吉尔伽美什是创造者和毁灭者的有趣组合，同时的。
吉尔伽美什
吉尔伽美什，所有古代美索不达米亚英雄中最有名的。阿卡德语中有许多关于吉尔伽美什的故事，整部小说集被描述为一场冒险之旅——一位不想死的国王的冒险之旅。
Gilgamesh, the best known of all ancient Mesopotamian heroes. Numerous tales in the Akkadian language have been told about Gilgamesh, and the whole collection has been described as an odyssey—the odyssey of a king who did not want to die.

                                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
                               传讯时间：2006年4月30日
问：我听过两个关于耶稣和犹大的故事，一个故事说是犹大背叛了耶稣，把他交给彼拉多，而另一个故事说是耶稣要求犹大这样做的。
I have heard two stories related to Yeshua and Judas, one in which it is said that Judas betrayed Yeshua by turning him over to Pilate, and the other was in which Yeshua asked Judas to do that.

巴夏：他没有要求他做这件事。他告诉他他会这么做的。

He didn't ask him to do it. He told him he would do it. 

问：犹大告诉耶稣他会这么做吗？

Judas told Yeshua he would do it?

巴夏：不，是耶稣告诉犹大他会这么做的。

No. Yeshua told Judas he would do it. 

问：然后向他解释说，他这样做会被视为叛徒。而犹大出于自己的原因接受了这样做。

And explained to him he would be treated as a betrayer in doing so.And Judas accepted to do that for reasons of his own.

巴夏：带着巨大的痛苦和折磨，但理解为什么，所以，是的，接受了这个角色。

With great pain and anguish, but understood why, and so, yes, accepted the role.

问：他可能是耶稣最亲密的朋友之一。

And he was perhaps one of the closest friends to Yeshua.

巴夏：是的，而这就是他被选中的原因。因为耶稣知道他会这样做，因为需要这样做来说明一个观点。

Yes, and that's why he was chosen.Because Yeshua knew he would do it because it needed to be done to illustrate a point.


问：所以就他们的关系而言，他们彼此完全坦诚相待。在这个行为中。

So in terms of their relationship, they were at complete integrity with each other.In this action.

巴夏：当然。

Absolutely.

问：谢谢你为我澄清。

Thank you for that.

吉尔伽美什的故事，与一个真实存在的人有关吗？

The story of Gilgamesh, is that related to somebody who actually existed?

巴夏：是的。回到恩基想法的时代。以及外星意识的早期显现。以及你们星球上的其他文明。它有点融合和混杂，已经演变成了一个寓言。但尽管如此，它是基于一些真实的事件和真实的人，尽管它已经变得大多是隐喻性的。是的。

It is.Back in the time of the ideas of Enki. And the early manifestations of extraterrestrial consciousness.And other civilizations upon your planet. It is somewhat amalgamated and jumbled up, and has evolved into somewhat of a fable.But nevertheless, it is based on some real incidents and real people, even though it has become mostly metaphorical.Yes. 

问：好的。吉尔伽美什这个词有英文翻译吗？

All right. Does the term Gilgamesh have a translation into English?

巴夏：嗯，是的。等一下。这对于你们的语言来说可能有点不寻常，因为各种语言中都有习惯用语概念，不能完全翻译。吉尔伽美什是创造者和毁灭者的有趣组合，同时的。那些破坏和创造的东西。创造并因此毁灭的东西。这在你们的语言中有意义吗？

Well, yes. One moment.It might be a little bit unusual for your language, as there are idiomatic concepts in a variety of languages that don't translate completely across the board.Gilgamesh is an interesting combination of creator and destroyer, simultaneously.That which destroys and creates. That which creates and thus destroys. Does this make any sense in your language?


问：是的。是的。是的。是的。一个毁灭者和创造者，是吗？

Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.A destroyer and creator, is it?

巴夏：是的，但不一定是你可能会想象到的破坏概念那样。

Yes, but not necessarily in the way you might think of the concept of destruction.

问：为了更重要的创造而毁灭？

Destruction for the purposes of higher creation?

巴夏：对。也许从更技术的角度来看，你可以说它是一个反汇编程序和重新汇编程序。

Yes. Perhaps in a more technical way of looking at it, you could say a disassembler and reassembler.

问：对于一个新创造的积极影响。

For a positive in new creation. 

巴夏：嗯，它实际上有点中立。尽管宇宙略微偏向正面，但它就处于平衡点上。因为从宇宙的角度来看，这里面没有议程。它只是对特定意识状态的本质的描述，以及对这种意识状态的设计目的的描述。相当于拆解者和重新组装者。这更有意义吗？

Well, it's somewhat actually neutral. Even though the universe is slightly biased toward the positive, it's in that balanced point.Because from the universe's perspective, there isn't an agenda in that.It's simply a description of the nature of a particular state of consciousness and a description of what that state of consciousness was designed to do.Be the disassembler and reassembler. Does that make more sense?

问：是的。

Yeah. 

巴夏：这回答了你的问题吗？所以从某种意义上说，吉尔伽美什就像一个动词。它实际上更像是一个动词而不是名词。这是对创造中心过程的描述。并且在过去，它被更多地被用作一个声明而不是描述。当你目睹所有两极分化在同一瞬间融合在一起，在那里所有二分法都融为一体的那一刻。你可以称之为，用你们的一种语言，称为完形或啊哈，但在古代，在那一刻、那种体验，就是一个吉尔伽美什。

Does that answer your question?So Gilgamesh is like a verb, in a sense.It's actually more a verb than a noun. It's a description of a process at the very center of creation.And it has been used in the past as more of a declaration than a description.When you witness that moment where all polarization comes together in a single moment, where all dichotomy blends together into one.You might call it, in one of your languages, a gestalt or an aha, but in ancient times, that moment, that experience, was a Gilgamesh.


你明白吗？这有帮助吗？但这是对毁灭者和创造者、拆解者和组装者的具体想法的具体认识。融入一个概念，随着这个揭示，吉尔伽美什与之融为一体，一个身份、一个实体和一种意识的诞生，它代表了现实中一种非常具体的存在状态，在许多不同的层面上。这个翻译的好吗？好的，谢谢。

Do you understand?Does that help?But it was with a specific recognition of the specific idea of the destroyer and the creator, of the disassembler and the assembler.Blending into one concept with that revelation came Gilgamesh, the birth of an identity and an entity and a consciousness that represents a very specific state of being in reality, on many different levels.Did this translate all right?All right, thank you. 

问：太爱你了，巴夏。

Much love, Bashar.

巴夏：我也很爱你。

And to you as well.

