巴夏：地下精灵
25.9.21
这里有一种有趣的外星人和元素精灵的混合。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2025年9月14日

问：你好，巴夏。

Hello, Bashar. 

巴夏：你也是，你好。

And you，good day.

问：大约五年前，我和丈夫开车回家。我们在宾夕法尼亚州西北部，当时大约是晚上10点，雨下得很大。我们开着收音机，里面很安静。这是一个广告插播，广播里播放的是芙洛的进步广告，很活泼的声音。

About five years ago,my husband and i were driving home.We were in the northwestern Pennsylvania, and it was about 10 o'clock at night, raining pretty hard.And we had the radio on. It was just kind of quiet in there. And it was a commercial break, and on the radio was a progressive commercial with Flo, the bubbly voice.

在广告的中间，它完全爆发了，一个男性的声音出现了，他说，“变身”。使用变身来导航生活。变身。我使用变身术作为生存工具。变身。你们可以使用变身。在那之后，广告又回来了，一切都很正常。大约几分钟后，天空中出现了一个橙色的大球。

And in the middle of the commercial, it just breaks out completely, and a male voice comes on, and in a monotone voice, he says, Shapeshifting. Use shapeshifting to navigate through life.Shapeshifting. I use shapeshifting as a survival tool. Shapeshifting. You can use shapeshifting.After that, the commercial came back on, and it just proceeded like normal. About a few minutes later, there was a big orange ball up in the sky.


它在那里呆了大约，我不知道，五分钟。我们试图跟随它，然后它就突然飞走了。你能解释一下这是谁吗？

It was up there for about, I don't know, five minutes. We were trying to follow it, and then it just kind of shot off.Could you explain who this is? 

巴夏：是的，是的，是的。再一次，这是一种外星意识投射给你的，让你理解我们多次告诉你们的事情。你们每秒不断地变换数十亿次。你们都是变形侠。你们每秒钟都会变成数十亿次新的自己。

Yes, yes, yes. Again, this is an extraterrestrial consciousness projecting to you to allow you to understand what we have told you all many times. You are constantly shifting billions of times a second. You are all shapeshifters. You're all becoming new versions of yourself billions of times a second.

这就是你们如何在你们称之为空间、时间和物理现实的概念中导航。这是一种预测，看看你当时会如何回应这些信息，评估你的振动在哪里，以及你在多大程度上实现了与这些存有有更多接触的想法。

This is how you navigate through the idea you call space, time, and physical reality. It's something that was projecting to see how you would respond to that information at that time, to take an assessment of where your vibration was at, and how far along you were toward the idea of having more contact with those beings.

问：它们是否与某些事物有关，是某种外星能量，还是某种存有？

Were they linked to a certain, was it just kind of an extraterrestrial energy, or was it a certain group of beings?


巴夏：这是一群特定的存有，在这个特定的时刻，我们不允许谈论这一群体。

It's a certain group of beings that, at this particular moment, we're not allowed to talk about.

问：好的。大约八年前的一个晚上，我睡着了，半夜从极度沉重的睡眠中醒来，我抬起头。在我面前的枕头上有一排大约五到六个非常小的、三到四英寸高的生物，它们的颜色非常鲜艳。我看了它们大约20秒，然后，你知道，我眨了眨眼。我试图确保它们不会消失，然后我又睡着了。这些是什么生物？

Okay. About eight years ago, it was at night, I was dead asleep, and I woke up out of an extremely heavy sleep in the middle of the night, and I lifted my head up.And on my pillow in front of me was a line of about five to six very small, three to four inch tall beings, and they were incredibly vivid in color. And I was able to look at them for about 20 seconds before I just kind of, you know, I was blinking my eyes.I was trying to make sure they didn't vanish, and then I just kind of went back to sleep. What kind of beings were these?

巴夏：告诉你他们是从另一个维度投射出来的，这让他们在你们的现实中看起来很小，但这并不意味着他们真的那么小。这在一定程度上与灰人有关。但它也与其他事物有关。在某种程度上，它与元素精灵有关。这是一个不同寻常的组合。

Telling you that they were projecting from another dimension which made them seem small in your reality doesn't mean they actually were that small.This is connected to the grays to some degree. But it's also connected to something else.It's connected, in a way, to elementals. This is an unusual mix.


你的种族背景是什么？你是爱尔兰人吗？

What is your background, ethnically? Are you Irish?

问：不，我不这么认为。我认为是捷克共和国、奥地利，还有一点德国的。

No, I don't think so. I think it's Czech Republic, Austrian, a bit of German.


巴夏：你熟悉被称为寇伯的生物吗？K-O-B-O-L-D，家神。查一查。你可能会在你所经历的事情中发现类似的东西。

Are you familiar with the beings that have been called kobolds? No. K-O-B-O-L-D, kobold.Look it up. You may find something similar in what you experienced. 


问：当我年轻的时候，大约五岁，我醒来时做了一个梦，梦见外星人在我的腋窝做了手术。我告诉了我妈妈，她当然一笑而过，但我觉得这总是有更多的东西。

When I was young, about five years old, I woke up and had this dream that aliens had done surgery on my armpit.And I told my mom, and of course she had laughed it off, but I felt that it was always something more.

巴夏：是的，是的，是的。你是混血计划的一部分。对。

Yes, yes, yes. You are part, you are part of the hybridization program. Yes.

问：这与寇伯有关吗还是？

Would that be related to the kobolds, or? 

巴夏：有点不同。不，我就是这么说的。这里有一种有趣的外星人和元素精灵的混合。这发生在你身上，是因为你特殊的振动和特殊的连接。所以，看看地下精灵的想法。

A little different.No, that is what I'm saying. There's an interesting mix here of extra terrestrial and elemental.That's going on in you because of your particular vibration and your particular connections. So, look up the idea of kobold.


问：他们是蓝色的吗？

Are they blue? 

巴夏：他们可以是。查一查。谢谢。

Are they blue? They can be. Look it up.Thank you. 

问：谢谢。

Thank you. 

巴夏：等一下。这里也可能关联某些人在某些遭遇所说的“蓝色小医生”。所以你也可以查一下。

One moment.There may also be a reference here to what some individuals in certain encounters have referred to as the little blue doctors. So you can look that up too.


