巴夏：极速恶魔
2025.03.17

有一个文明以非常快的时间频率运作。从某种意义上说，他们的速度如此之快，因此他们会在自己的内心体验到时间膨胀。
时间膨胀
时间膨胀，在狭义相对论中，由相对于该时钟处于相对运动状态的观察者确定的时钟的“减慢”。在狭义相对论中，惯性（即非加速）运动中的观察者具有确定哪些事件与给定事件同时发生的明确方法。然而，第二个惯性观察者相对于第一个惯性观察者处于相对运动状态，他将与第一个观察者在哪些事件与该给定事件同时发生的问题上存在分歧。（两个观察者都没有错，相反，他们的分歧只是反映了这样一个事实，即同时性在狭义相对论中是一个依赖于观察者的概念。为了比较两个观察者携带的时钟速率，需要一个同时性的概念。如果使用第一个观察者的同时性概念，则会发现第二个观察者的时钟比第一个观察者的时钟慢的平方根√（1 ? 第2 节2），其中 v 是观察者的相对速度，c 等于每秒 299,792 公里（186,282 英里），即光速。同样，使用第二个观察者的同时性概念，发现第一个观察者的时钟运行速度慢了相同的因子。因此，每个惯性观察者确定相对于该观察者的所有运动中的时钟运行速度都比该观察者自己的钟慢。
time dilation, in the theory of special relativity, the “slowing down” of a clock as determined by an observer who is in relative motion with respect to that clock. In special relativity, an observer in inertial (i.e., nonaccelerating) motion has a well-defined means of determining which events occur simultaneously with a given event. A second inertial observer, who is in relative motion with respect to the first, however, will disagree with the first observer regarding which events are simultaneous with that given event. (Neither observer is wrong in this determination; rather, their disagreement merely reflects the fact that simultaneity is an observer-dependent notion in special relativity.) A notion of simultaneity is required in order to make a comparison of the rates of clocks carried by the two observers. If the first observer’s notion of simultaneity is used, it is found that the second observer’s clock runs slower than the first observer’s by a factor of Square root of√(1 ? v2/c2), where v is the relative velocity of the observers and c equals 299,792 km (186,282 miles) per second—i.e., the speed of light. Similarly, using the second observer’s notion of simultaneity, it is found that the first observer’s clock runs slower by the same factor. Thus, each inertial observer determines that all clocks in motion relative to that observer run slower than that observer’s own clock.

图片




               译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
            传讯时间：2017年12月3日
问：此外，当你谈论其他文明时，我感到非常兴奋。
Also, I find it very exciting when you speak about other civilizations.
巴夏：对。
Yes.
问：我想知道你是否可以与我们分享，比如，另一个文明，他们的语言或交流方式可能是什么样的。
And I was wondering if you can share with us, like, another civilization, how their language or communication might be.

巴夏：除了我们已经与你们分享的内容之外，只是一个新的文明？

Other than ones we've already shared with you，just a new one？

问：一个新的文明。

A new one. 

巴夏：哦，好的。等一下。我们会看看我们的文明现在正在探索什么，以选择一个似乎适合介绍给你的文明。好的，我想你可以把他们叫做，根据你自己的理解，叫做极速恶魔。有一个文明以非常快的时间频率运作。从某种意义上说，他们的速度如此之快，因此他们会在自己的内心体验到时间膨胀。你明白时间膨胀吗？

Oh, all right.One moment. We will see what is being explored now by our civilization to pick one that seems appropriate for you.All right, I suppose you could call them, in your own understanding, the speed demons.There is a civilization that operates on a very rapid frequency of time.And in the sense that they speed up so greatly, then they experience within themselves, time dilation.You understand time dilation? 

问：不太明白。

Not exactly. 

巴夏：你们自己的爱因斯坦相对论认为，你移动得越快，就越接近光速，对你来说，时间似乎就越慢。对吗？所以，你们用来说明这一概念的所谓双胞胎悖论是，如果有一对双胞胎留在地球上，一对双胞胎进入一艘可以接近光速旅行的宇宙飞船，然后这对双胞胎进入太空，以光速旅行，然后回来，然后回到地球，那么这对双胞胎在火箭上的老化程度不会像在地球上的双胞胎那么大。

Your own Einstein's theories of relativity talk about the idea that the faster you go, the closer you approach the speed of light, the more time seems to slow down for you.Yes? So the supposed twin paradox that you've used as an illustration of this concept is that if there is a twin that stays on Earth, and a twin that gets into a spaceship that can travel close to the speed of light, and the twin goes out into space and travels at the speed of light, and then comes back, and then comes back to Earth, the twin will not have aged on the rocket as much as the twin on the Earth.

图片
他们实际上会减缓他们的生物钟，减缓他们的整个新陈代谢，他们看起来会比他们留下的双胞胎年轻很多、很多、很多岁。所以这个想法是，这个文明实际上可以用这样的方式快速加速它们的振动，从而减缓他们对时间的体验，并相对于你们感知他们的方式活得非常、非常长。

They will have actually slowed down their clock, their entire metabolism, and they will appear to be many, many, many years younger than the twin they left behind.So the idea is that this civilization actually can rapidly speed up their vibration in such a way that they actually slow down their experience of time and live very, very long lives relative to the way you would perceive them.

活了大约一万年，即使对他们自己来说，相比之下，他们可能觉得自己只活了几百年，但他们有一种方法和一种使用这种能力的方法，这种方法实际上允许他们以一种非常独特的方式访问存在的信息，这样他们就可以以一种与你们截然不同的方式访问大量信息和体验空间。所以，如果你想称他们为极速恶魔，你可以。他们真的用自己的语言表达了一种几乎无法翻译的振动。所以他们是我们最近遇到的一个迷人的文明，他们利用时间膨胀来体验以一种非常独特的方式从时空中获取信息。

On the order of 10,000 years, even though to themselves they may feel like they're only living hundreds of years by comparison, but they have a way of doing that and a way of using that ability that actually allows them to access information that exists in a very unique way so that they can access a lot of information and experience space in a very different way than you do.So if you want to call them the speed demons, you can. They are really represented in their own language by a vibration that is hardly translatable to you.So they are a fascinating civilization that we have recently come across that uses time dilation to experience accessing information from space-time in a very unique way.

问：所以他们是否以一种非常紧密的方式接收信息，然后。。。

So do they receive the information like in a very compact way and then...

巴夏：是的。

Yes. 

问：然后他们能够解开它还是什么？

And they're able to like unravel it or something? 

巴夏：是的。所以这样看待这个想法。假设时空是100%的东西。对吗？不多也不少。它总是有一些变化，时空在100%水平上的某种组合。所以这个想法是，如果你站着不动，你真的没有消耗太多的空间，因此你体验到了更多的时间。

Yes.So look at the idea this way.Let's say space-time is a 100% thing. Yes? No more, no less.It's always got to be some variation, some combination of that space-time at its 100% level.So the idea then is that if you are standing still, you are really not using up much space and therefore you experience more time.

图片
但是，如果你开始在空间中更快地移动，假设你在空间中移动了50%，那么你只有50%的时间体验。它开始变慢了。当你真正接近光速时，这是你们物质宇宙的速度极限，并不是说你不能以不同的方式跳过它并绕过它。但就你们的物质宇宙而言，不比光速快，那么我说我消耗了99%的空间，只剩下1%的时间来被体验。

But if you start moving through space faster, let's say you get to moving 50% through space, then you only have 50% of an experience of time.It starts to slow down. When you really get close to the speed of light, which is the speed limit of your physical universe, not that you can't jump over it in a different way and go around that.But in terms of within your physical universe, not going faster than light, then by saying I'm using up 99% of space, which only leaves 1% of time to be experienced.

所以你将其体验为时间的显著减慢，或者你们的爱因斯坦所说的时间膨胀。现在，你正在体验空间膨胀，因为你几乎不动。

So you experience that as a great slowing down of time or what your Einstein referred to as time dilation.Right now, you're experiencing space dilation because you're barely moving. 

问：他们就像他们创造的速度波动一样吗？

And do they like fluctuate that speed that they create?

巴夏：他们可以，这为他们中的许多人创造了一个非常有趣的情况，因为他们作为一种结构彼此联系的方式非常不同。因为他们中的许多人都以彼此不同的时空比运作，但他们仍然设法创造了一个连贯的文明。他们的意识是如何运作的，以及他们如何补偿每个人可能以不同于其他人的方式体验的时空膨胀，这非常迷人。

They can, which creates a very interesting situation for a lot of them because their way of relating to one another is very very different as a structure.Because so many of them are operating at different space-time ratios from one another, and yet they still manage to actually create a coherent civilization.It's very fascinating how their consciousness works and how they can sort of compensate for the space-time dilation that each individual may experience in a different way from other individuals.

这是一项引人入胜的研究。真正地，真实地展示了意识是多么，意识是多么灵活，并且仍然能体验到连贯性。是的，所以这就是极速恶魔。

They are a fascinating study. And really, really showing how consciousness, how flexible consciousness can be and still experience coherence.Yes. So that's the speed demons. 

图片
问：酷。那么他们的集体意识，他们的集体意识是否像更大的时空频率范围一样？

Cool.So their collective consciousness, does their collective hold like a bigger range of frequency of space-time?

巴夏：确实如此。是的，确实如此。从某种意义上说，你可以说，我会根据我们已经谈论过的信息这样对你说。这就像文明真正了解如何沉浸在更大的超灵的参数中并生活。

It does. Yes, it does. In a sense, you could say, I'll put it this way to you based on information we've already discussed.It's like the civilization really understands how to immerse themselves and lives within the parameters of the greater oversoul.

问：哦，好的。这太棒了。我喜欢超灵。好的。

Oh, okay.That's awesome. I love the oversoul. Okay.

巴夏：这就是为什么他们是如此迷人的。这是一种文明，一种物质化的文明，以一种允许他们在物理现实中作为超灵实际运作的方式利用时空。

This is why they're so fascinating. It's a civilization, a physicalized civilization using space-time in a way that allows them to actually operate as an oversoul in physical reality.

问：好的。

Okay. 

巴夏：所以他们交流的连贯性是通过超灵层面来实现的。这就是让他们保持联系的原因。

So their coherence of communication comes through the oversoul level.That's what keeps them connected.

问：谢谢你的分享。

Thank you for that.

巴夏：不客气。谢谢你的提问。

You're welcome. Thank you for asking.


图片
