巴夏：树人
2025.6.26
它代表了地球振动的一个自然方面，地球之灵，通过居住在你们星球上数千年的文化之眼表达出来。

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                   传讯时间：1980s

问：我有一个问题。你能帮我确认一个海绿色、海洋泡沫绿色的种族吗？

I have a question. Could you help me to identify a race of people that are sea green, sea foam green?

巴夏：其中一些连接与你们整个世界的原型、支流意识的投射有关。并且其中一些可以追溯到你们所说的非常古老的过去。他们是，在某种程度上，他们是你们世界集体意识各方面的投射，使你们能够接触到你们所说的大自然。在许多方面，这可以说是一种神性的意识，并在许多文化中以许多不同的方式通过许多不同的称谓表达出来。

Some of this connection has to do with projections of the archetypal, sub-stream consciousness of your entire world.And some of it connects back into what you call your very ancient past.They are, to some degree, projections of aspects of the collective consciousness of your world in such a way as to place you in touch with what you call nature.In many ways, this can be said to be a devic consciousness and has been expressed in many cultures in many different ways by many different labels.

它跨越了许多光谱，许多维度。但主要是，它代表了地球振动的一个自然方面，地球之灵，通过居住在你们星球上数千年的文化之眼表达出来。他们以一种形式、一个层面、一个不同的振动平面存在，是地球及其内部的延伸，也是你们和每个人共同拥有的灵魂的许多不同方面的延伸。这会帮助你吗？

It spans many spectrums, many dimensions. But primarily, it represents a natural aspect of the Earth vibration, of the Earth spirit, expressed through the eyes of the cultures that have inhabited your planet for many millennia.They exist in one shape, in one level, in a different vibratory plane, are extensions of the Earth and within it, and extensions of the many different aspects of the soul you collectively are with everyone.Will that serve you?

问：是的，会有帮助。沿着同样的方向，你知道它们与有石英柱和贝壳装饰的寺庙有什么联系吗？

Yes, it will. And along the same line, do you know what connection they had with the temples that had quartz columns and had shell decorations?

巴夏：只是它代表了陆地和海洋的能量组合，因为它们不仅代表了你所说的人类集体意识的延伸，也代表了海豚的集体意识。你会以你熟悉的任何形式看到它们。海豚会看到它们熟悉的任何形式。但在某种程度上，他们确实代表了你们各自陆地和水文明之间的一种情感融合和能量融合。

Only that it represents a combination of energy of the land and the ocean in the sense that they do represent not only an extension of what you would call your human collective consciousness, but also of the dolphin collective consciousness.You will see them in whatever form you are familiar with. The dolphins will see them in whatever form they are familiar with.But they do represent, to some degree, an emotional merger, an energy merger between your respective land and water civilizations.

图片


问：那么，他们是人类吗？他们是真的吗？

So were they human? Were they actual? 

巴夏：这是相当武断的。当人类感知到他们时，他们就是人类。当别的存有感知到他们时，他们就完全是别的存有了。他们在所有方面都是真实存在的。他们在所有方面都是真实的。那对你有帮助吗？

This is quite arbitrary. They are human when humans are perceiving them.They are quite something else when something else perceives them. They are real on all terms.They are real on all terms. Does that serve you?

问：有帮助。还有一个问题。他们当今还存在吗？

It does. And one more question. Do they still exist today?

巴夏：一切都存在。正如我们所说，他们在不同的维度平面上。调整到这个频率将使他们像以前一样存在和活着。但是你表达的基本含义，用非常口语化的线性时间框架术语来说，从某种意义上说，用你们的术语来说，以一种更物质化的方式，它们早就存在了。

Everything exists.As we have said, they are in a different dimensional plane. Tuning into that frequency will allow them to be just as present and alive as they have ever been.But the basic meaning by which you have expressed that, put in very colloquial linear time frame terms, in a sense, in your terms, in a more physicalized way, they existed long ago.

首先，他们也是利莫里亚时代的桥梁和纽带。他们是你们世界年轻时的生命气息，是居住在你们星球上的众多种族之一。你跟上我了吗？那对你有帮助吗？

Primarily, they are a bridge and a link from Lemurian times as well. They are the breath of life when your world was young, one of the many races to inhabit your planet.You follow me?Does that serve you?

问：是的，有帮助。非常感谢你。

Yes, it does. Thank you very much.

巴夏：谢谢。为了你的分享。等一下。一些人将这个特定的种族称为树人。

Thank you. For sharing. One moment.Some individuals have referred to that particular race as dryads.


