巴夏：欧那塔文明
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月03日 06:00 辽宁
前言
如果你愿意，你可以将他们称为欧那塔，来把它再缩短一点，简化为你们的语言。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2019年4月20日
问：所以如果，我记得，一个非常天使般的存在，像他们中的大多数人一样，非常明亮，有三个非常长的手指。你能给我一些关于那个特定种族的信息吗？
So if, and there was, I remember, a being with very angel-like, like most of them, very bright and light with three very long fingers.Can you give me any information about that particular?
巴夏：不能。
No.
问：好的，足够公平。
Okay.Fair enough.
巴夏：哦，等一下。
Oh, wait a minute.
问：哦，哦，你的水晶头骨能。
Oh. Oh, your skull can.
巴夏：你确定吗？好的。等一下。我不知道这对她来说有多重要，但我们会让它通过管道。有一个文明，正如你所描述的，他们称自己为Onatayu。这就是你在印象中感受到的连接。他们是一种探险家。他们熟悉你们的文明。他们不常来这里。他们时不时地检查一下。
Are you sure? All right.One moment.I don't know that it will mean much to her, but we'll bring it through.Okay. There is a civilization, as you describe it, that call themselves the Onatayu.This is the connection that you're sensing in that image. They are kind of explorers.They're familiar with your civilization. They haven't been here that often. They check in now and then.
他们有一个对处于进化某个阶段的许多不同文明的非常长期的观测计划。他们对于地球正在成为第六个混合种族的想法极感兴趣。他们有点可以就进化过程中的某些事情进行商议。但我们不一定被允许准确地说。那次商议还包含什么。但我们可以这么说，他们正在与你们中的许多人在与混血议程的相遇中报告的螳螂人进行商议。他们与其他存有就宇宙中正在进行的进化过程进行商议。
They have a very. Long-range observation program of many different civilizations that are at a certain point in their evolution.They are particularly fascinated by the idea that Earth is becoming the sixth hybrid race.They're kind of in a position to consult on certain things about that evolutionary process.But we're not necessarily allowed to say exactly. What that consultation contains yet.But we are allowed to say this much that they are consulting with both the Mantis beings that many of you report in the idea of your encounters with the hybridization agenda.They consult with other beings about the idea of evolutionary processes going on in the universe.
他们非常非常直观地且强烈地与DNA到底是什么、进化到底是什么的确切想法连接。以及与允许不同生命形式在宇宙中传播的所有不同形式连接。他们有点像。这将产生误导。
They are very, very. Intuitive and very strongly connected to the very idea of what DNA really is, of what evolution really is.And all the different forms that allow different forms of life to spread throughout the cosmos.They're kind of like. This is going to be misleading.
问：好的。
Okay.
巴夏：但尽管如此，你们的语：言中可能没有其他翻译。他们有点像雪松。他们有点像园丁。但这是一个非常具有误导性的术语。在他们的磋商中。他们给出了某些类型的能量振动方程式。这些公式与引发不同行星上生命的物理形态中的某些遗传突变和进化变化有关。
But nevertheless, there may not be any other translation in your language. They're kind of like cedars.They're kind of like gardeners. But that's a very misleading term.In their consultation.They give certain kinds of energetic vibrational formulae.That have to do with igniting certain kinds of genetic, mutational, and evolutionary changes within the physical forms of life on different planets.
图片
因此，如果以任何方式、特征或形式存在一种意图或迹象，表明一颗行星上的生命正朝着某个进化方向发展。他们然后将试图为这个方向增加一些动力，让这条路更直一点为了这些存有实现他们正在走向的特定进化扩展。这是一个非常高深精妙的事情，并不能很好地翻译成你们的语言或你们的文化。尽管如此，这是我们目前能做到的最好的事情了。如果你愿意，你可以将他们称为欧那塔，来把它再缩短一点，简化为你们的语言，因为即使我们之前给你的是一个非常非常非常非常长的名字的缩写。
So that if there is in any way,shape or form an intention or indication of the life on a planet going in a certain direction of evolution.They will then attempt to add to that direction some momentum to make it a little bit of a straighter path for those beings to achieve the particular evolutionary expansion that they're heading toward.This is a very rarefied thing and doesn't really translate well into your language or into your culture.Nevertheless, this is the best that we can do for the moment.You can just refer to them, if you wish, as the Onata to shorten it into your language a little bit more because even what we gave you before is a shortened version of a very, very, very, very, very, very long name.
问：好的。欧那塔。知道了。
Okay. Onata. Got it.
巴夏：因为他们的名字跟他们的名字对于你们来说很不一样。名称对于他们来说描述了几乎所有关于文化的事情，从它的一开始到它现在在哪里，就他们是谁而言，他们做什么，他们在哪里。这就像他们给了你一个完整的公式，告诉你他们是谁，他们的地址，如果你打招呼，你叫什么名字，我是这个，我住在这里，我做过这个，我做过那个，这就是我将要成为的人，我要去的地方。这一切都体现在一个充满能量的公式中。它与你们的现实非常不同。但这就是你们所熟悉的。
Because names to them are very different than what they are to you.Names to them describe almost everything about the culture from its beginning to where it is now in terms of who they are what they do where they are.It's literally like they're giving you an entire formula of who they are their address everything at all if you were to say hi what's your name i am this i live here i've done this i've done that this is who i will be this is where i'm going.It's all given in one thing that is an energetic formula it's very different from your reality how cool but that is what you have picked up on.
因为在你与混血议程的连接中，你实际上已经遇到过他们几次，因为他们正在与参与混血议程的其他存有商议，你碰巧注意到了他们。然后在你如此注意他们的过程中，你捕捉到了他们的一点振动，并把它带回来，这样你就有了在某种程度上感知他们的想法，这是不常见的。
Because in the idea of your connection to the hybridization agenda you have actually encountered them a couple of times as they were consulting with other beings that are involved in the hybridization agenda you happen to notice them.And in so noticing them,you picked up a little bit of their vibration and brought it back with you so that you have this idea of perceiving them to some degree which is not common.
图片






