巴夏：灰人有很多派系
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月08日 22:00 辽宁
前言

灰人有很多派系。不同的派系有不同的议程，来自不同的地方，不同的时代，不同的平行现实，处于整个过程的不同阶段。

                      译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                     传讯时间：2024年6月29日

问：自从灰人和齐塔人一起发起混血议程以来。导致莎莎尼、雅耶奥和其他种族在最后阶段公开接触，看来灰人自己的角色将结束。

Since the Grays initiated the hybrid agenda together with the Mantids.resulting in the Sassani, Yahyel, and other races with open contact in its.final stages, it would seem that the role of the Grays themselves would be over.

然而，许多接触者仍然对他们有着积极的连接和兴趣，尤其是在今天，对他们的灰人对应版本。

Yet many contactees still feel an active connection and interest in them in particular, in their particular Gray counterparts even today.

这些灰人对应版本想要体验什么？在公开接触的展开中，这是他们自己很久以前通过自己的接触发起的。

What are these Gray counterparts seeking to experience? In the unfolding of open contact, which they themselves initiated so long ago through their own connection.

巴夏：我们必须提醒你不要再谈论灰人了，就好像只有一个派系一样。灰人有很多派系。不同的派系有不同的议程，来自不同的地方，不同的时代，不同的平行现实，处于整个过程的不同阶段，即使他们可能与你们的星球或他们的不同版本互动。

We must remind you to stop talking about the Grays as if there's only one single faction.There are many factions of Grays. The different factions have different agendas, come from different places, different times, different parallel realities, and are at different stages of the entire process, even though they may be interacting with your planet or different versions of it.

所以，基于你们的振动频率，你们正在经历与灰人互动的不同阶段，他们进化的不同点。因此，这取决于你们的振动频率中发生了什么，这将决定你们可能仍在与灰人的哪个派系互动。这就是我们现在所能说的。但不要把灰人当成只有一个派系在和你们来往。

So, you are experiencing, based on your vibration, different stages of the idea of interactions with Grays, different points in their evolution.And therefore, it depends upon what's going on in your vibration that will determine what faction of Grays you may still or not be still interacting with.That's all we can say right now about that. But don't treat the Grays as if there's only one faction that you're dealing with.

问：好的，这个人说他们被告知爬虫人在塞多纳地区很危险。

Okay, and this person said they were told that reptilian beings are dangerous in the Sedona area at this time.

巴夏：不，不，不。这是不正确的。

No, no, no. It is not correct.

问：好的。我想人们对爬虫人有很多误解吗？

Okay. Are there a lot of misunderstandings about, I guess, reptilians?

巴夏：是的。正如我之前所说的，他们是一种特定的物种，由于他们振动频率的性质，他们会在你们物质大脑的边缘系统中唤起战斗或逃跑反应的想法。

yes.As I've said before, they are a certain kind of species that invokes in the limbic system of your physical brain the idea of a fight-or-flight response because of the nature of their vibration.

因为你们认为他们是掠食性的，因为这就是你们与爬虫人DNA概念的关联方式。因此，人类，哺乳动物，对暴露在爬虫人的振动频率中有一种基于战斗或逃跑的生理恐惧反应。

Because you look at them as predatory, because that's the way you relate to the idea of reptilian DNA.And therefore, humans, mammalians, have a fight-or-flight survival fear-based response to exposure to the reptilian vibration.

这并不意味着他们真的打算伤害你。这只是他们频率的性质，因为它与代表人类的哺乳动物频率的性质有关。

It doesn't mean they actually intend to do you harm. It's just the nature of their frequency as it relates to the nature of the mammalian frequency that represent human beings.

问：好的，这个人说，假设我在三到六年后经历了公开接触。例如，作为一种不同形式的高等教育，我能从星际联盟成员那里学习专业技能吗？一个人如何能够在地球上使用这些技能呢？

Okay, and this person is saying, let's say I experience open contact three to six years from now.Will I be able to learn specialty skills from members of the interstellar alliance, for example, as a different form of higher education?How might one then be able to use those skills on Earth? 

巴夏：嗯，是的，当然，这是可能的。当然，你会学到一些显然适用于地球社会的东西。所以，当你选择一个主题时，你就会明白它在地球上是如何适用的。

Well, yes, of course, that's going to be possible.you will be learning things that obviously will be applicable to Earth society.So, when you choose a subject, then you will understand how it is applicable on Earth.

