巴夏：爱莎莎妮的挑战和新技术
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年07月24日 22:18 辽宁
前言

新技术可以是利用我们从一个名为Thook的文明中学到的东西。

                      译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                   传讯时间：2023年9月9日

问：好的，我还有四个问题。

Okay, I have four more questions. 

巴夏：好啊。

Yes.

问：好的，这是一个好奇心问题。第一个是爱莎莎妮的新技术是什么？

Okay, that's a curiosity question.The first one is, what is considered new technologies on Esasani?

巴夏：爱莎莎妮？

Esassani? 

问：爱莎莎妮。

Esassani.

巴夏：新技术？

New technologies. 

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：新技术可以是利用我们从一个名为Thook的文明中学到的东西。

New technologies would be the idea of using what we have learned from a civilization called the Thook.

这个文明最初有能力，当你面对面与他们互动时，你知道这一点，但当你转身离开时，你完全忘记了这种互动以及他们是谁。

which originally had the ability so that when you are interacting with them face-to-face, you know it, but when you turn away, you completely forget the interaction and who they were.

我们现在正将其用作一种振动技术以学习如何渗透到我们迄今为止不知道的其他维度，因为它们被某种振动频率所隐藏。

We are now using that as a type of vibrational technology.to also learn how to penetrate into other dimensions that we heretofore didn't know about because they were hidden by a certain vibration from us.

所以现在我们已经学会了看到Thook，甚至在我们离开谈话时也能记住他们。

So now that we have learned to see the Thook and remember them even when we leave the conversation.

我们可以把它作为一种振动技术来开始研究，以及我们不知道的其他维度。

we can use that as a vibrational technology to start investigating, and other dimensions we didn't know were there.

图片

问：啊，好吧。太棒了，谢谢。

Ah, okay. Great. Thank you.

第二个问题是，当你分享你们的知识来帮助我们人类进化时，你们是否得到了类似的帮助来让爱莎莎妮人进化？

The second question is, as you are sharing your knowledge to help us humans evolve, do you get similar kind of help that's to get Asasanians evolve?

巴夏：是的。我们伟大的导师之一是与天狼星星系相关的非物质文明。

Yes. One of our great mentors is the non-physical civilization associated with the star system of Sirius.

他们会为我们带来许多我们乐于承担的挑战。让我们进化和成长。

They will present us with many challenges that we are happy to undertake.To evolve us and grow. 

问：好的。你说他们给你们带来很多挑战是什么意思？

Okay. What do you mean by they give you many challenges?

巴夏：好吧。我们最近谈到的一件事是探索你们所谓的由内而外的宇宙。

All right. One of the things we have recently talked about is the idea of exploring what you may call an inside-out universe.

相对而言，在你们所感知的宇宙中，你们的宇宙是空虚空间中的行星。

You have in what you perceive your universe to be planets in empty space, relatively speaking.

由内而外的宇宙是由非物质的天狼星存有呈现给我们的，作为开始探索的地方。

The inside-out universe was presented to us by the non-physical Sirius beings as a place to start exploring.

由内而外的宇宙更像是一个充满引力流体的地方，其中有中空的气泡，生物生活在这些气泡的内表面。那是他们的星球。

The inside-out universe is more like a place filled with a kind of gravitational fluid in which there are hollow bubbles on which beings live on the inside surface of these bubbles.That's their planets. 

图片

问：好的。

Okay. 

巴夏：所以我们已经开始探索与此相关的所有事情，以了解他们是如何创造这种特殊的现实体验的。

So we have begun exploring all the things that have to do with this to understand how they are creating this particular experience of a reality. 

这是非物质天狼星意识连接带来的被我们视为一种挑战。

And this was presented to us as a challenge by the connection of the non-physical Sirius consciousness.

问：明白了，好的。第三个问题。从历史上和现在来看，地球上哪些国家或地区从ET提升中获得了更多的影响或帮助？

Understand. Okay. Third question. Which countries or regions on Earth have received more influence or help historically and at present from ET raises?

巴夏：他们都是平均的。

They're all equal. 

问：好的。很高兴知道。第四个。最后一个。

Okay. Good to know. Fourth one.Last one. 

我们的心跳是否代表了比我们当前维度频率更高的频率水平？

Is our heartbeat represents higher level of frequency than our current dimensional frequency?

巴夏：心脏跳动并以光速发出电磁脉冲。你们都沉浸在彼此的心跳中。

The heart beats and gives off an electromagnetic pulse at the speed of light. You are all immersed in each other's heartbeats.

因此，它更能代表集体协议，因此在某种意义上比任何个人都有更高的振动频率。但你可以利用它。

And therefore it is more representative of a collective agreement and thus a higher vibration in a sense than any individual.But you can tap into it.

图片

问：好的。它比现在振动的一般频率高吗？

Okay. So is it higher than right now what the general frequency that is vibrating?

巴夏：这取决于集体的意图。现在，你们所有的心跳都在一个你可以利用的极高水平上运行。

It depends on the intention of the collective. Right now all of your heartbeats are operating in an extremely high level that you can tap into.

它远高于每秒二十万个周期。

It is well above 200,000 cycles per second. Oh, nice. What would be the...

问：哦，不错。那会是多少。。。

Oh, nice. What would be the...

巴夏：你打算继续问多少问题？

How many questions are you going to continue to ask?

问：最后一个。我保证。最后一个。将我们所有人提升到下一个维度的最高频率或理想频率是多少？

What is the highest or what is the ideal frequency that is going to be raising all of us into a...

巴夏：在物理现实中你可以拥有的最高频率是每秒333000个周期。然后你变成灵魂。

next dimension? The highest frequency you can have in physical reality is 333,000 cycles per second.Then you become spirit.

问：好的，好的，好了，就这样。非常感谢你，巴夏。

Okay. Okay. Well, that's it.Thank you so very much, Bashar.

巴夏：不客气。

Thank you.

