巴夏：耶稣复活
2025.5.10
对于一个有能力的人来说，从某种意义上说，死亡是一种暂缓状态。他死了，但仍能在那种状态下保持好几天。

                     译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                 传讯时间：2025年4月26日

问：谢谢。我们有几个关于耶稣的问题。耶稣真的活了下来吗，还是罗马人编造的故事？

Thank you. We have a few questions about Jesus.Did Jesus really live or was he a story invented by the Romans?

巴夏：是的，他真的活了下来。

Yes he really lived.

问：耶稣曾在印度学习，所以他可以模仿死亡，实际上从恍惚状态中复活。这就是解释吗？

Jesus studied in India so he could have mimicked death and actually risen from a trance like state. Is this the explanation? 

巴夏：是，也不是。对于一个有能力的人来说，从某种意义上说，死亡是一种暂缓状态。他死了，但仍能在那种状态下保持好几天。然后复活。现在，在你们的星球上，这次死而复生对人们来说并不罕见。

Yes and no.For a being of his capabilities death in a sense what you think of as death is a state of suspension. He died but was able to hold himself in that state for days.And then resurrect. Now on your planet this time it's not unusual for people to recover from death.

你们现在给它起了个名字——濒死体验，但那时人们对此知之甚少。但是，一个像耶稣这样的扬升者，作为大师，他确实死了，但他能够将自己保持在这种死亡状态中，延缓几天，直到他能够真正让自己复活。

You now have a name for it near death experiences but back then people didn'tknow much about that.But an ascended being a master as Jesus was did die but was capable of holding himself in that state of death suspended for several days until he was capable of actually allowing himself to resurrect.


问：所以这本质上是否意味着具有一种濒死体验？

So does this meaning had essentially a near death experience?

巴夏：本质上是，但与你们现在通常所理解的不同。因为还有他的高振动频率的附加因素和作为一个改变的存有回来，这已经不是你们认为的肉体概念了。他在复活后的那一刻更类似于我们认识到的我们的准物质文明，具有提升到更高层次的物质和灵性存有的特征。

Essentially but different than what you typically understand that to be right now.Because there are the added factors of his high vibrational frequency andcoming back as an altered being that wasn't exactly the idea you recognized as physical anymore.He was more akin at that point after the resurrection to what we recognize ourcivilization to be quasi physical having the traits of physical and spiritual beings on an elevated ascended level.

所以他带着更高的振动回来了。是的，所以他转变了。我们相信你们对此的称呼是主显圣容节。因为这是变形。他将自己的频率提升到介于物理和非物理现实之间。利用他的死亡体验，利用他在那段时间的星光体验，将他的身体形态转化为更高的第四密度状态，即使他仍然处于你们所说的第三密度现实之中。

So he came back with a much higher vibration. Yes so he transformed. We believe that your word for it is the transfiguration. He upgraded his frequency to be something between physical and non-physical reality.Using the death experience, using his astral experience during that time to transform and transfigure his physical form into a higher fourth density state even though he was still within what you would call third density reality.


问：谢谢。

Thank you. 

巴夏：是的。请记住，正如我们所说，数百年前的人观察你们的身体时都会看到它们光彩夺目。因为你们在当今社会中的频率普遍要比几百年前的社会高得多。所以2000 年前有人转变为第四密度存有的想法会被视为光芒四射。

Yes.Remember as we have said someone from hundreds of years ago observing any of your bodies would see them as glowing with light.Because you are of a much higher frequency generally in your society today than the society of hundreds of years ago. So the idea of 2000 years ago someone transforming into a fourth density being would be seen as glowing with light. 

问：这太美了。

 That's beautiful.

巴夏：是啊。

Yes.

问：然后关于这个话题，这个人想知道耶稣是否真的被钉死在十字架上了。然后何时，如果他回来了，他结婚生子了吗？

And in on that topic this person wants to know if Jesus was actually crucified.And when if he came back did he get married and have kids?

巴夏：是的，他被钉死在十字架上了，但抹大拉的玛丽亚在钉十字架前就怀孕了，并从耶稣那里生下了一个孩子。在被钉十字架之前结婚了。不是发生在受难之后，而是在受难之前。

Yes he was crucified but Mary Magdalene was impregnated before the crucifixion and went on to have a child from Jesus.And was married before the crucifixion. Didn't happen after happened before. 


问：你能告诉我们他的血统吗？

Can you tell us about his lineage? 

巴夏：不能。这将在最终被揭示。

No.that will be revealed in time.


