巴夏：路西法的代表
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年11月05日 06:02 辽宁
前言

如你所知，在你们的语言中，路西法这个名字实际上是光明使者的意思。



                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               传讯时间：2024年10月26日

问：第一个问题与路西法原型的代表有关。以及占星学中有一颗小行星路西法的概念，它可以象征我们可能如何受到黑暗能量的影响，甚至被牢不可破的灵魂契约束缚。这个人所问的是一种更有力量或更积极的观点，即如何理解和使用这个原型。

The first one has to do with the representation of the Lucifer archetype.And the idea that there's an asteroid Lucifer in astrology that could symbolize how we might be influenced by darker energies or even be tied to unbreakable soul contracts.And what this person is asking for is a more empowering or positive view on how to understand and work with this archetype.

巴夏：如你所知，在你们的语言中，路西法这个名字实际上是光明使者的意思。所以这个想法，再次反映了最高形式的带去光的概念。并从能量上、振动上降低它到物质层面，降低频率。这就是堕落天使概念的含义。

As you know in your language,the name Lucifer actually means light bringer.So the idea,again, is that it reflects the concept of taking light in its highest form.And reducing it energetically,vibrationally, down to a physical level,lowering the frequency.This is what is meant by the concept of a fallen angel.

图片

它的振动频率被降低到如此程度，以至于在物理上表现为密度更低、振动更低。现在，这种情况并没有特意地发生在真正的天使身上。但这这个想法代表并反映出你们更高本性的想法。正如你们常说的，你善良本性的天使，你真正的存在本质。也就是爱与光。

That its vibrational frequency is reduced to such a degree that it expresses itself in physical terms at a lower density,a lower vibration.Now, this doesn't happen specifically to an actual angel.But the idea is representative and reflective of the idea of your higher natures.as you often say,the angels of your better natures,your true essential beingness.which is light and love.

从某种意义来说，被降低体验的频率和致密化为物质。所以路西法的概念只是原型处理极性的想法，这种极性是以正面与负面、光明与黑暗等等物理现实中表达的方式存在的。所以正是这种反思会引起个人或集体内部的恐惧。必须通过将其转变回光明来处理和转化，或者在每一个人的内心平衡光明与黑暗。

In a sense,being lowered in frequency to be experienced and densified into physical materiality.So the idea of Lucifer is simply the idea of archetypally dealing with the polarity that exists in the way that it is expressed in physical reality between positive and negative,light and dark,so on and so forth.So it is that reflection which can bring up fears within an individual or within a collective.And must be dealt with and transformed by turning it back into the light or balancing the darkness with the light within each and every individual.


图片





阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 