巴夏：迈克尔与麦达昶
25.05.31
前言
从某种意义上说，它是一种自主的原型表现，你们称之为灵性能量。

               译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

            传讯时间：1996年11月23日

问：好的，你能解释一下大天使迈克尔吗？

All right, and could you explain the Archangel Michael?

巴夏：这个想法，再次，首先，从天使能量开始的想法是，如果你从唯一的存在、无限、一切万有的角度考虑，如果你愿意，上帝、女神，这不重要。可以说，存在的第一个层面，第一次分裂，它对自身的第一次反射，产生了你们称之为天使的意识分裂。到目前为止，这对你来说有道理吗？

The idea, again, first of all, of angelic energy to begin with, is that if you consider from the point of view of there being the One, the Infinite, the All that is, if you wish, God, Goddess, it doesn't matter.The first level, so to speak, the first split-off, the first reflection of it to itself generated the split-off of its consciousness that you refer to as angels.Does that make sense to you so far?

问：是的。

Yes.

巴夏：那么，大天使米迦勒的振动的想法只是这种分裂的一种特殊性质，即无限通过其反射的一个分裂片段反射到祂自身。这与你通常在你们的语言中翻译成正义、平衡、平等的概念有关。公平、正义，在平衡的意义上。这对你来说有道理吗？

Then the idea of the vibration of Archangel Michael is simply a particular quality of that split-off, the reflection of the Infinite through one of the split-off fragments of its reflection to itself.That has to do with the concept of what you typically would translate in your language as justice, balance, equality.Fairness, righteousness, in the idea of a balanced sense. Does that make sense to you?

图片
问：这就是那种能量。这个能量场，好吧，我能把它描述成这样一个能量场吗？

It's that type of energy.Could this energy field, all right, could I describe it as such a?

巴夏：你是说天使作为一个能量场吗？

Are you talking about the angel as an energy field?Yes, you can. 

问：因为我想我们都是能量场，不是吗？

Because I guess we're all energy fields, aren't we?

巴夏：当然。即使这是一种委婉说法，但它确实可以更准确地代表我们正在谈论的内容。

Absolutely. Even that is a euphemism, but it will do as a more accurate representation for what we are discussing, yes.

问：是啊，是银河系的这个区域，还是这个特定的星系？

Yeah, is that this sector of the galaxy, or this particular galaxy?

巴夏：它是无处不在的。每个现实中都有它的表达。你们的，在你们的现实中，你们的是大天使迈克尔的概念，这是它在你们的现实中的表达方式。但它无处不在。甚至无限的第一次分裂也存在于无限的每一个组成部分中。

It is everywhere. There is an expression of it in each reality.Yours, in your reality, is the concept of Archangel Michael in the way it is expressed in your reality.But it is everywhere. Even the first split-off of the Infinite is in every single component of the Infinite.

问：是的，我理解无限，但我所说的，就像无限被拟人化为大天使迈克尔一样，好的，这就是作为宇宙的这个部分。

Yes, I understand the Infinite, but what I'm talking about, like the Infinite being personified as Archangel Michael, okay, that being this sector of the universe.

图片
巴夏：作为人格化，是的。在你们的宇宙，是的。但是，即使在每个宇宙中都有一个更大的存在，即使它可能不是以完全相同的方式人格化的，它仍然与无限唯一的次级分裂水平相连。

As the personification, yes. Your universe, yes. But there is a greater beingness even to that being that is in every universe as well, even though it may not be personified in exactly the same way, it is still connected to the same level of split-off that is secondary to the Infinite One.

问：是的，我理解这部分。这是拟人化的吗？这是人格化在一个人物中的吗，这种能量？你知道，就像我们专注于个体身体一样。

Yes, I understand that part of it. All right. And is this personified? Is this personified in a persona, this energy?You know, like we're focused in individual bodies. 

巴夏：不是生理上的。

Not physiologically.

问：不是生理上的，而是我们可以在精神上感知的东西。

Not physiologically, but something that we can perceive spiritually.

巴夏：原型上的，是的。从某种意义上说，它是一种自主的原型表现，你们称之为灵性能量。

Archetypally, yes.It is autonomous as an archetypal presentation in what you would, in a sense, call spiritual energy.

问：好的。

Okay.

巴夏：在低于该频率水平的情况下，它无法真正致密化而没有变成大天使迈克尔人格化的想法。

It cannot really densify below that level of frequency without becoming something other than the idea of the personification of Archangel Michael.

问：没有被扭曲。

Without becoming distorted. 

巴夏：嗯，从某种意义上说，是的。与其说这是一种扭曲的想法，不如说它不再是同一个原则。完全相同的频率。

Well, in a sense, yes.It's not so much the idea of a distortion as it simply ceases to be the same principle.The same frequency at all.

问：好的。麦达昶，你知道，我试图理解的是。我在脑海中想象，大天使迈克尔是宇宙的一个部分，因为它说他负责某个领域。好的。他就是那个领域。你知道的。能量充沛。现在，麦达昶是什么？

All right. And Metatron, what is, you know, like, what I'm trying to understand is.I'm picturing this in my mind as Archangel Michael being a sector of the universe, because it talks about him being in charge of a certain sector.Okay. Him being that sector.You know.Energetically.Now, what is Metatron?

图片
巴夏：另一个领域。

Another sector.

问：好的，出于同样的目的。

All right.And in the same type of purpose. 

巴夏：它们是相互交织的，记住。如果你愿意的话，它们都有细丝，在一定程度上相互交织。在你们的领域中有麦达昶的方面，在你们的领域中有迈克尔的各个方面，以及在你们的领域中有所有天使的方面。

They are intertwined, however, remember.They all have filaments, if you will, intertwining each other to a certain degree.There are aspects of Metatron in your sector and aspects of Michael in your sector and aspects of all the angels in your sector.

问：好的。你能描述一下吗？

All right. Can you describe?

巴夏：麦达昶，作为一个领域，将会是组织的原则。

Metatron, as a sector, would be that of the principle of organization.

问：好的。这就是组织的原则。

Okay. That is the principle of organization.


