巴夏：连接大脚野人
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年10月18日 06:01 辽宁
前言

那个特殊的漩涡有一个跨维度的连接，无论如何，其中一个维度，与大脚野人经常去的地方，那个维度，把他们自己从你们的现实中转移出来。

大脚野人

大脚野人，一种大型、毛茸茸、类似人的生物，有些人认为存在于美国西北部和加拿大西部。它似乎代表了喜马拉雅地区神话怪物 Abominable Snowman 或 Yeti 的北美对应物。“Sasquatch”这个名字来源于萨利什语 se'sxac，意思是“野人”。这种生物通常也被称为大脚怪。

Sasquatch, a large, hairy, humanlike creature believed by some people to exist in the northwestern United States and western Canada. It seems to represent the North American counterpart of the Himalayan region’s mythical monster, the Abominable Snowman, or Yeti. The name “Sasquatch” derives from the Salish word se’sxac, which means “wild men.” The creature is also commonly called Bigfoot.

图片


                   译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
                传讯时间：2022年9月24日
问：你好，巴夏。首先让我说，非常感谢你作为第一次接触专家所做的工作。
Hello, Bashar. Thank you so much for your work as a first contact specialist, first, let me say.
巴夏：这是我们的激情和荣幸。
It is our passion and our pleasure. 
问：好极了。我的第一个问题是关于阿肯色州奥索卡山区的水晶漩涡。你能详细介绍一下那个地区的大脚野人连接吗？
Excellent. My first question is regarding the crystal vortex in Arkansas in the Ozark Mountain area.Can you expand a little bit on the Sasquatch connections in that area? 
巴夏：等一下。那个特殊的漩涡有一个跨维度的连接，无论如何，其中一个维度，与大脚野人经常去的地方，那个维度，把他们自己从你们的现实中转移出来。
One moment.That particular vortex has a link, interdimensionally, one of them anyway, to the place, the dimension that the Sasquatch often go to, to remove themselves from your reality.
等一下，等一下，等一下，等一下。奥索卡地区作为与几种非常独特的交替或平行现实的跨维度连接特别强大，大脚野人利用这些现实将自己从你们认为的现实中转移。
One moment. One moment. One moment. One moment.The Ozark area is particularly strong as an interdimensional connection to a few very specific kinds of alternate or parallel realities that the Sasquatch take advantage of to remove themselves from what you consider to be your reality.
那里有一个近似时空隧道的网络，知道如何穿越的人可以穿越时空。在那个区域，有许多跨维度的来来往往。可以说，这有点像瑞士奶酪漩涡。这有帮助吗？
There are sort of a network of tunnels in space-time there that can be traversed by those who know how to do so.There are many comings and goings, interdimensionally, in that area. Sort of very much like a Swiss cheese vortex, so to speak.Does that help? 

图片

问：是的，绝对有。那里有没有一个特别的热点。。。如果我想去尝试与他们连接，我可以冥想，或者我可以冥想一个特定的大脚野人名字？

Yes, absolutely. Is there a particular hot spot where... If I wanted to go and try to connect with them that I could maybe meditate in or a particular Sasquatch name I could meditate on?

巴夏：你可以称作特塞米奎斯特。你能重复一遍吗？

You could call Tessemiquest.Can you repeat that?

问：特塞米奎斯特。

Tessemiquest.

巴夏：T,特塞米奎斯特。是的，特塞米奎斯特。你可以用自己的直觉来选择这个地方，但它应该是一个多山、森林茂密的地方。你是否进入了一些像这样的地方吗？

T, Tessemiquest.Yes, Tessemiquest. You can use your own instincts to pick the spot, but it should be a spot that is mountainous and forested.Do you have access to something like that? 

问：是的，是的。

Yes, yes. 

巴夏：那么你有自己最喜欢的山区和森林吗？

So do you have yourself a favorite spot that is mountainous and forested?

问：有几个。

There are a few.

图片

巴夏：你有一个突出的地点吗？

Do you have one that stands out?

问：是的，尼波山。

Yes, Mount Nebo.

巴夏：好的。去那里然后进入冥想状态，让自己向特塞米奎斯特的振动敞开心扉，看看会发生什么。

All right. Go and in a meditative state, allow yourself to open up to the vibration of Tessemiquest and see what happens.

问：好的。

Okay.


图片



阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 


