巴夏：金字塔和麦田圈
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年06月17日 17:54 辽宁
前言

“它们以不同的方式起作用。这个概念是，它可以被体验，就像在我们的世界和其他一些世界上一样，作为一种与某些跨维度意识水平的非常有趣的互动。”     

                        译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                  传讯时间：2024年4月27日

问：好的。吉萨金字塔与猎户座对齐吗？它们与天鹅座对齐吗，因为那是阿努纳奇的发源地？

Okay. And do the Giza pyramids line up with Orion, and also do they line up with Cygnus, since that was where the Anunnaki originated?

巴夏：吉萨高原上的三个主要金字塔确实与猎户座和腰带上的三颗恒星的概念有些一致。记住，这些东西是在阿努纳奇人离开很久之后创造的。

The three main pyramids on the Giza Plateau do have some alignment with the idea of Orion and the three stars in the belt.They do not line up with Cygnus. And remember, these things were created long after the Anunnaki were gone. 

所以在这三座金字塔中并没有迹象表明阿努纳奇和天鹅座有联系。它不能代表这一点。它代表了猎户座的联系。

So there is no indication in the three pyramids of the idea of the Anunnaki's connection with Cygnus. It is not representative of that.It is representative of the Orion connection. 

图片


问：好的。你已经描述了地球上的麦田怪圈是如何与盖亚进行更高层次的交流的。像麦田怪圈这样的现象是否发生在爱莎莎妮和其他世界上，它们与地球上的有什么不同，你们与它们有什么联系？

Okay. And you have described how crop circles on Earth are higher level communication with Gaia.Do phenomenon like crop circles occur on Esasani and other worlds, and how do they differ from those on Earth, and how do you relate to them?

巴夏：它们以不同的方式起作用。这个概念是，它可以被体验，就像在我们的世界和其他一些世界上一样，作为一种与某些跨维度意识水平的非常有趣的互动。

They do in different ways and can actually form in different substances.The idea is that it can be experienced, as on our world and on some other worlds, as a very playful interaction with certain interdimensional levels of consciousness.

这些意识通过改变物理现实中某些物理物质的电磁能量来进行交流。但它们不一定都出现在作物中。它们有的出现在水中，有的出现在冰中，有的甚至出现在固体物质中，还有的出现在空气中。

that communicate by making alterations in the electromagnetic energy of certain physical substances in physical reality. But they don't have to all appear in crops.Some of them can appear in water, some of them can appear in ice, some of them can even appear in solid matter, some of them can appear in the air.

所以这取决于文明的振动共振如何为这些跨维度意识创造一种媒介，使其能够投射出他们的交流符号。在地球上，它被用于农作物，因为这是你们与地球概念相关的自然方式之一，元素精灵存在于为你们作为一个人提供食物的事物中。

So it just depends on how the vibrational resonance of the civilization creates a medium for those interdimensional consciousnesses to be capable of projecting their communicational symbols.On Earth it is used in crops because that is one of the natural ways you have of relating to the idea of Earth and the elementals is in the things that supply sustenance to you as a human being.

所以这是最容易引起你们注意的方式。这是最容易操作的媒介，因为你们与作物的想法有着密切的关系，因为它们养活了你们。

And so it's the easiest way to get your attention. It's the easiest medium to manipulate because you have an intimate relationship with the idea of crops because they feed you.

图片

问：还有，你能解释一下你在扬升大师中的角色吗？你在和他们一起工作吗？

And can you explain your role with the Ascended Masters? Are you working with them?

巴夏：是的，在很多情况下。事实上，我们之前已经提到过这一点，在传递到你们的集体意识的过程中。我们也总是经历不同的原型层次，包括扬升大师，以确保我们与你们所有人分享的信息不会以任何方式、特征或形式干扰或破坏你们为自己创造的惊喜。

Yes, in many cases. We have actually mentioned this before, where in transmitting to your collective consciousness.we always also go through the different archetypal levels, which includes the Ascended Masters, in order to make sure that the information we are sharing with all of you does not in any way, shape or form intervene or spoil the surprises you have created for yourself to discover.

所以是的，我们一直在与他们合作，以确定提供最能为人类服务的信息的最佳方式。

So yes, we are always working with them to determine the best way in which to deliver information that serves humanity best.




阿奎亚
 如果有帮助还请您随喜赞赏 