巴夏：鼻涕猪文明
2025.04.28
你有四条腿，而不是两条腿，你基本上就是你现在认为的样子，倒立向后，你的躯干垂在腿上，而不是站在腿上。

                译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

            传讯时间：2006年9月30日

巴夏：现在，等一下。等一下。等一下。等一下。我们正在筛选请求。等一下。想象一下，如果你愿意，或者如果你能够，你有四条腿，而不是两条腿，你基本上就是你现在认为的样子，倒立向后，你的躯干垂在腿上，而不是站在腿上。你跟上我了吗？

Now, one moment, one moment, one moment, one moment.We are filtering requests. One moment.Imagine if you will, or if you can, that you have four legs, not two, and that you are basically to what you would consider to be now, upside down and backwards, in that your torso is hanging from the legs, not standing on top of them.You follow me?

问:是的。

Yes.

巴夏：现在，想象一下，如果你愿意的话，这个生物可以朝它想要的任何方向移动，因为它的视野是360度的。你明白了吗？

Now, imagine if you will, that this being can move in any direction it wishes because its vision is 360 degrees.Do you understand?

问:是的。

Yeah.

巴夏：等一下。想象一下，如果你愿意，四条腿中的每一条腿上都有一个延伸部分，它们是操纵者，或者你们称之为手，尽管它们看起来一点也不像你们的手，这意味着生物可以朝它想要的任何方向移动，并且在现实中仍然可以实现相同程度的操纵。在这个意义上。这些生物从未发展出你们所认为的象限或南北、东和西的概念。对他们来说，这都是一样的，并且基于只均匀扩展的放射状图案的想法。或者均匀收缩。他们没有和你们一样的方向感。

One moment. Imagine if you will, off of each of the four legs are also an extension that are manipulators, or what you would call hands, although they look nothing like yours, which means the being can move in any direction it wishes to and still achieve the same degree of manipulation in its reality.In that sense. These beings have never developed the concept exactly that you recognize as quadrants or north-south, east and west.To them, it's all the same and based on the idea of radial patterns that only expand uniformly.Or contract uniformly. They do not have the same kind of sense of direction that you do.


问:哇哦，我明白了。酷。

Wow, I get it. Cool.

巴夏：一个非常、非常、非常重要的问题。一个非常非常不精确的振动翻译，他们称他们自己为“鼻涕猪”。。。

A very, very, very important point. A very, very, very loose vibrational translation of what they call themselves would be the freen...

问:请再说一遍。

Say that again.

巴夏：鼻涕猪。。。

Freen... 

问:祝你健康。

Gesundheit. 

巴夏：谢谢。等一下。我们必须向他们解释你的笑话。他们不明白。

Thank you.One moment. We have to explain your joke to them.They don't get it.

问:我们会告诉他们无意冒犯。

We'll tell them there's no offense.

巴夏：没有被冒犯。他们就是不明白。他们没有你们打喷嚏的机制。一天一次、两次或三次，取决于社会所持的哲学体系，它们的所有液泡都会打开，并产生一股强烈的强风吹过它们，以清理它们的系统。它们不会打喷嚏，但每天会吹一次、两次或三次强风。它们在一定程度上理解了这一点，但并不理解其爆发性，因为它们完全控制着空气通过这些液泡和肌肉隔膜系统的通道。

No offense taken. They just don't get it. They do not have the mechanisms that you have that cause sneezing.Once, twice, or three times a day, depending upon the philosophy that is held in the society, all of their vacuoles open and a strong, stiff breeze is created to blow through them to clean their systems out.They do not sneeze as such, but they have one, two, or three blows a day.They understand it to that degree, but not the explosive nature, since they completely control the passage of the air through those vacuoles, through a system of muscular diaphragms.


问:你看，我一直在试着自己这样做，但我无法控制自己的呼吸。这是一个挑战。

See, I've been trying to do that myself, and I can't get any control of passing my air. It's a challenge.

巴夏：好吧。等一下。

All right. One moment.

问:我会试着向他们解释一下。

I'm going to try to explain that one to them.

巴夏：我甚至不打算尝试。

I'm not even going to attempt it. 

问:我只是在玩。我只是随便玩玩。

I'm not even going to attempt it. I'm just playing.

巴夏：我知道。他们有点困惑，但没关系。他们只是明白，他们必须把这归结为我们之间的差异，并在一定程度上极感兴趣，因为他们可以通过你说的话来理解。并通过我们以心灵感应的方式传达给他们的图像，认识到你们看起来是什么样，当然，你们看起来和他们非常不同。而且，事实上，他们很惊讶你们怎么能站起来。

I know that. They are a little bit confused, but that's all right.They simply understand that they have to chalk it up to the differences between us, and are fascinated to some degree as they can understand it by what you are saying.And realize through the images we are imparting to them telepathically that you look, of course, very different than they do.And, actually, they are wondering how you can even stand up.

问:我自己也很惊讶。

I wonder that myself.

巴夏：这并不是说他们没有遇到过其他两足动物，而是因为它们天生就是四足动物，所以对他们来说，有些东西实际上可以在两条腿上取得平衡，这对他们来说总是有点神秘和好奇。所以他们对此感到惊讶，这是他们对差异的欣赏的一部分。

It's not that they have not encountered other bipedal forms, but because they are so innately four-legged, it always seems a little bit mysterious to them and curious to them that something can actually balance on two.And so they wonder at that, and it as part of their appreciation of the differences.

问:现在告诉我。对于那种生物来说，它必须首先从某种程度的意识开始，对吧？就像我们从一个意识层面开始，然后产生了一个两足动物。

Now tell me this. For that creature to be that type of creature, it had to start from some level of consciousness first, right?Just like we started from a level of consciousness that then produced a bipedal being.


巴夏：好，如果你是这个意思，是的。尽管请记住，在灵魂层面上，我们都是同一种意识，选择以各种形式体验化身。但是，当你指的是物质进化世界本身的意识时，是的，在现在存在的形式之前，你会称之为主要形式。

Well, if you mean it that way, yes. Although remember that on the spirit level we're all the same kind of consciousness choosing to experience incarnations in a variety of forms.But as you mean the consciousness of the material evolutionary world itself, yes, there were what you would call primary forms before the form that is now in existence.

问:我明白了。好的，整个宇宙中所有物种的主要形式都是一样的吗？

I see. Okay, and that primary form is the same for all species throughout the entire universe?

巴夏：不，不，不不，不。我是说，在他们的环境中，最初有一种形式实际上有八条腿。随着时间的推移，它演变成了一种有四条腿的形式，在它的领域里变得越来越大，用你们的话说，它已经能够支持化身灵魂，并以一种你们认为是文明的方式表达智力。

No, no, no, no, no.I am saying that in their environment there was an initial form that actually had eight legs.And over time evolved into that which has four and has grown larger in its domain and has become, in your term, capable of supportingincarnational spirit and expressing intelligence in a way that you would recognize as a civilization.
