巴夏：一个从未说过的文明
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2024年05月27日 00:52 辽宁
前言

“一个加入了星际联盟但是还没有讲过的独特文明”

         译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

      传讯时间：2024年3月23日

问：你能告诉我们更多关于银河系中一个我们从未听说过的独特文明吗？

Can you tell us more about a unique civilization in our galaxy that we've never heard of before?

巴夏：等一下，等一下。等一下，我们正在寻找最相关的内容。我们还没有告诉你们星际联盟中的一个文明。一个旅行文明，这些存有在不断运动。

One moment，One moment.One moment，we are looking for what might be most relevant。We have not told you yet About a civilization within the interstellar alliance.That travels，These beings are in constant motion.

他们不是两足动物他们是四足动物正如你们所理解的。他们不停地移动，很少休息，很少停下来。他们的世界是以一种允许他们长途旅行的方式形成的。

They are constantly moving very rarely do they rest very rarely do they stop.Their world is patterned in such a way as to allow them to travel long distances.

他们这样做是为了收集信息。他们这样做是为了学习他们几乎一直在移动。甚至在休息时移动，他们拥有与海豚相同的能力，他们必须让一半的大脑睡觉，而另一半保持清醒，这样他们才能不断地移动，不断地学习。

They do this as a matter of gathering information .They do this as a matter of learning They are constantly almost constantly on the move.Even moving while they rest They have the same kind of capacity that your dolphins have to have half of their brains sleep while the other half Remains awake so that they can constantly move constantly learn.

这些存有创造了一个存在于自然界中的社会，可以说。引导大自然训练大自然创造某些结构，作为他们可以穿过的庇护所。但这些庇护所大多很长，像隧道一样，因为他们一直在移动。并且庇护所为他们提供了信息、娱乐、故事和体验，让他们穿过这些长长的自然隧道，无论是在大地上，还是由他们版本的树木或植物构成。

These beings have created a society That exists within nature in such a way that they have，Shall we say.guided nature trained nature to create certain structures that they use as shelters that they can pass through .but most of these shelters are very long and tunnel like because they keep moving.And The shelters provide for them、information、entertainments、stories 、Experiences as they move through these long natural tunnels .Either in the earth or made of their version of trees or plants.

这些存有的体型从中等体型的狗到小马的大小不等，介于两者之间。他们确实有一个头，他们确实有两只眼睛。类似于从脸上延伸出来的印象，一个有鼻子和嘴巴的狗或马。但他们不是真的像狗，也不是真的像马，这是完全不同的。

The beings are ranging in size from about the size of what you would call an medium sized dog to the size of a small horse and sizes in between.They do have a head they do have two eyes they have Similar to the idea as an extension off the face a Muzzle with nose and mouth.but they are not really dog like they are not really horse like it is quite different.

他们有时会穿某些类型的窗帘，但不是你们所理解的真正的衣服。他们星球上的温度不一定要求他们裹上一些东西来抵御天气或恶劣天气。天气通常相对温和，他们确实有雨，这是他们经历像雪等事情的地方。因此，你会发现那里的环境相对宜人，温度相对均匀。

They sometimes will wear certain kinds of drapings But not really clothing as you understand it.The temperatures on their planet don't necessarily require them To wrap themselves in something to protect against the weather or the elements.It is generally relatively mild.they do have rain,it is where that experience things like snow.Therefore,you would find the environment there reletively pleasent reletively even temperature .

这些存有称自己为某种东西，可以用你们的语言翻译给你们.作为短语，随风而动。但我们不能为你们复制他们的语言。它是完全是非人类的，需要他们所拥有的那种无法在人体内复制的声带。但他们的名字对自己的翻译就像是随风而行。

These beings called themself something that would translat to you in your language.as the phrase, moving with the wind. But we cannot replicate their language for you.It is completely non-human and requires the kinds of vocal chords that they have that cannot be replicated in a human body.But the translation of their name for themselves is like moving along with the wind.

