巴夏：圣诞老人
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年01月16日 06:01 辽宁
前言

科尔努诺斯的想法作为冬季之灵，自然之灵，你们在旧时代称之为森林的角神实际上与你们现代的圣诞老人神话故事有着更紧密的联系。

圣诞老人

圣诞老人——也被称为圣尼古拉斯或克里斯·克林格尔——有着悠久的圣诞传统历史。今天，他主要被认为是在平安夜为乖乖女和好男孩带来玩具的快乐红衣人，但他的故事可以追溯到 3 世纪，当时圣尼古拉斯在地球上行走并成为儿童的守护神。了解更多关于圣诞老人的历史，从他最早的起源到今天的购物中心圣诞老人，并了解两位纽约人——克莱门特·克拉克·摩尔和托马斯·纳斯特——如何对圣诞老人产生重大影响数百万儿童在每个平安夜等待。

Santa Claus—otherwise known as Saint Nicholas or Kris Kringle—has a long history steeped in Christmas traditions. Today, he is thought of mainly as the jolly man in red who brings toys to good girls and boys on Christmas Eve, but his story stretches all the way back to the 3rd century, when Saint Nicholas walked the earth and became the patron saint of children. Find out more about the history of Santa Claus from his earliest origins to the shopping mall Santas of today, and discover how two New Yorkers—Clement Clark Moore and Thomas Nast—were major influences on the Santa Claus millions of children wait for each Christmas Eve.

图片



                                      译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

                           传讯时间：2019年6月23日

问：然后，科尔努诺斯和巴弗灭有什么关系吗？

And then, is Cernunnos come any relationship with the Baphomet ?

巴夏：嗯，这里有一种非常轻微的关系或对这个想法有一种分裂的解释，但不是直接的，不是。

Well, there is a very slight relationship or split-off interpretation of that idea, but not directly, no.

问：好的。

Okay.

巴夏：科尔努诺斯的想法作为冬季之灵，自然之灵，你们在旧时代称之为森林的角神实际上与你们现代的圣诞老人神话故事有着更紧密的联系。

The idea of Cernunnos as the winter spirit, the nature spirit, what you have in old times called the horn god of the forest, is actually more strongly connected to your modern myth of Santa Claus.

问：嗯。

Hmm. 

巴夏：因为它作为原始的自然之灵，以经典的结构方式奖励积极的人，惩罚消极的人。并且它有鹿角，有蹄子，然后被简单地分成许多不同的想法，鹿角和蹄子一起被给予驯鹿。尽管圣诞老人的概念仍然保留了一份名单，上面列出了谁淘气、谁友好，奖励或惩罚那些不听话的人，或者带来圣诞老人的实体，但这是消极的一面，这与巴弗灭或巴风特的概念更密切相关，或者如果你愿意的话，被称为坎卜斯。

Because it, as the original nature spirit, rewarded those who were positive and punished those who were negative, in the classic way of framing it.And it had the antlers and it had the hooves, and it was then simply split up into many different kinds of ideas, where the antlers were then given to the reindeer along with the hooves.Whereas the idea of the Santa Claus still kept a list of who was naughty and nice and rewarded or punished those who were not, or brought with the entity of Santa Claus, that which was the negative side, which is more closely connected to the idea of Baphomet, or Baphomet, if you wish, called Krampus.

图片

问：坎卜斯。

Krampus. 

巴夏：对。更像是圣诞老人和恶魔一起坐在雪橇上。因此，圣诞老人将被降低为……照顾好小女孩和好小男孩，而坎卜斯。会照顾其他小孩。这就是传说是如何演变的。

Yes. More like Santa Claus was riding around in the sleigh with a demon.And therefore, Santa would be relegated to... Treating the good little girls and boys, and Krampus would take care of the others.This is how the legend evolved. 

问：好的。

Okay.

巴夏：我们相信你可以在你自己的传说信息档案中查找此信息。你会看到这个传说是如何变异、转变和演变成其现在的理解的。一直追溯到对与原始自然之灵关系的理解，你们将在未来再次发展。

We believe you can look this up in your own information legend archives.You will see how the legend mutated and transformed and morphed into its present understanding.All the way back to the understanding of relationships to the original nature spirits, which you will develop again in the future.

因为在薇拉的时代，700年后的未来，混血人类带来了提高每个人更连续地感知自然之灵的能力。他们仍然可以消失和出现，但这个想法是你们可以更频繁地感知他们。在她那个时代，她与自然之灵进行了许多对话，大多数时候它们的外表都很坚固。

Because in Willa's time, 700 years in the future, the hybrids brought with them the ability to increase everyone's capability of perceiving nature spirits more solidly.They can still disappear and appear, but the idea is you can perceive them more often. And in her time, she has many dialogues with nature spirits, and they are quite solid in their appearance most of the time.

问：像仙女一样？

Like fairies? 

图片

巴夏：是的。仙女、鬼怪、精灵，各种由集体意识的粘土组成的生物。这就是为什么他们有点短暂。这个想法是，他们不像你们选择作为一个物理存有那样长久。但他们可以利用集体电磁场的能量，并为他们自己提供代表振动状态、思想、主题或原型的身体。

Yes. Fairies, pookas, elves, all sorts of beings that are made of the clay of the collective consciousness.This is why they're somewhat ephemeral. The idea is they're not as permanent as what you choose to be as a physical being.But they can take the energy of the collective electromagnetic field and render bodies for themselves that are representative of the vibrational state, or idea, or theme, or archetype that they present themselves to be.

但这也是他们可以消失的原因，因为从某种意义上说，他们可以让自己的身体溶解回集体意识的完整粘土中。所以他们暂时成形，使用这种媒介来展现自己，然后他们可以通过回到集体中而消失。

But that's also why they can vanish, because they can just, in a sense, let their bodies dissolve back into the unbroken clay of collective consciousness.So they're taking form temporarily, using that medium to present themselves, and then they can simply disappear by going back into the collective.


图片


