巴夏：外星人的情感
原创 阿奎亚 巴夏说
 2025年02月06日 06:03 辽宁
前言
从这个意义上说，他们可以体验到一系列更多的情感。某些你们可以更容易地产生共鸣的情感。然而，从你们的角度来看，他们的情感品质似乎仍然更先进。
                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia
               传讯时间:2025年1月25日
问：好的。也许我们还能在这里再做一件事。我听到一个七姐妹星人的通灵管道说，他们不是扬升存有，而是就像我们一样。他们会犯错，会经历心碎和单相思，会变得急躁等等。然而，当我听到你说话时，与我们相比，爱莎莎妮人似乎已经扬升了。不会犯错或变得急躁。这是真的吗？你能解释一下为什么七姐妹星人会发出这样的信息吗？
Okay.Maybe there's one more here we can do.I heard a Pleiadian channeling say that they are not ascended beings and are just like us.They make mistakes, experience, heartbreak and unrequited love, get impatient,etc.However, when I hear you speak, it seems as if Sasani are ascended compared to us and don't make mistakes or get impatient.Is that true?And can you explain this difference in why the Pleiadians would send such a message?
巴夏：这在某种程度上是一种误解。是的，七姐妹星人会犯错，就像你理解这个词的意义而言，但他们不会将它们视为错误。他们以与我们一样的方式来看待它们，只是作为可以在特定情况下应用的新信息。他们没有单相思的想法。他们没有这样的体验。他们会悲伤吗？是的，它们可以悲伤。
That is a misinterpretation to some degree.Yes, Pleiadians can make mistakes in the sense that you understand that term,but they don't relate to them as mistakes.They relate to them in the way that we do as simply new information that can  be applied in given situations.They don't have the idea of unrequited love.They do not experience that in that way.Can they be sad?Yes, they can be.
但他们并没有真正以那个人描述的方式体验情感。这是通过人类角色进行的一点点过滤。但这个想法是，他们的振动肯定要比你们星球上许多人的振动更高。如果你想说他们是扬升的，因为他们处于更高的频率，那么当然，你可以这么说。但他们比我们更像你们。他们是，再次，是你们的基因表亲。他们在很多方面都与你们非常相似，但他们是第四密度版本，因此更像人类在第四密度状态下进化成的物质存有。
But they don't really experience things in the way that that person is describing.That's a little bit of filtering coming through the human persona.But the idea is they are certainly of a higher vibration than many people on your planet.If you want to say they are ascended because they are on a higher frequency,then certainly,you can say that.But they are more similar to you than we are.They are, again, your genetic cousins.They are very much like you in many ways, but they are the fourth density version and therefore are more like what humanity is evolving into as physical beings in the fourth density state.

图片
所以，不，就他们的情感体验而言这并没有描述的那样明显。但他们更像你们一点。从这个意义上说，他们可以体验到一系列更多的情感。某些你们可以更容易地产生共鸣的情感。然而，从你们的角度来看，他们的情感品质似乎仍然更先进。

So no, it's not as pronounced as the way that was described in terms of what they experience emotionally, but they are a little bit more like you.They can experience a little bit more of a range of emotions in that sense.Something that you can relate to more easily.Yet they are still seemingly, from your perspective, more advanced in their emotional qualities.

问：好吧，我还要在这里再插一句。当有第一次接触时，我们是否需要在身体上发生实际接触的地方？或者，我们能否以某种方式通过心灵感应、全息影像来体验它？基本上，第一次接触是否会涉及心灵感应的交流，相对于让别人用你们的语言和你们说话吗？

Okay, and I'm going to slip one more in here.When there is first contact, do we physically need to be where it is physically occurring?Or can we somehow be able to experience it telepathically, holographically?And basically is first contact going to involve hearing communication telepathically as opposed to actually having someone speak to you in your language?

巴夏：在大多数情况下，是的，你们的人民都会在许多不同的层面上以多种不同的方式体验公开接触，无论你身在何处。一般来说，再次，如果你在某些方面与将以公开接触的方式出现的某些存有在振动上更相容，你通常会同步地发现自己正好在你需要的地方，以任何与你相关的方式体验它。所以不用担心。如果你担心的是这个，你就不会错过的。

For the most part, yes, your people will experience open contact on many different levels in many different ways, regardless of where you are.And generally speaking, again, if you are more vibrationally compatible in certain ways with certain beings who will be present in open contact, you will usually synchronistically find yourself exactly where you need to be to experience it in whatever way is relevant for you.So don't worry about it.You won't miss it if that's what you're concerned about.