巴夏：由内而外的宇宙
2025.03.27
一种厚厚的引力流体充满了一切。在厚厚的引力流体中，存在着你们所认为的真空空间的空白球形空隙。
                  译者:阿奎亚 Aquia
              传讯时间：2014年9月28日
巴夏：你想让我们描述一下我们现在正在探索的一件非常迷人的事情吗？
Would you like us to describe one of the things we are exploring now that we find quite fascinating?

问：那太好了。

That would be great.

巴夏：正如我们最近提到的，我们现在正在探索一个现实中的存有，你们可以委婉地描述为生活在一个由内而外的宇宙中。我们现在可以为你们提供更多关于这些存有和这个宇宙的描述，如果你们愿意的话。由你决定。

As we have recently mentioned, we are now exploring beings in a reality that you might euphemistically describe as living in a universe that's inside out.We now can actually provide you with a little bit more of a description of these beings and this universe, if you wish.It's up to you. 

问：请说吧。

Please. 

巴夏：哦，好的。其中一些可能无法完全翻译，但我们将使用任何最具代表性的术语来为你们提供一些画面。看看你们能不能把注意力集中在这件事上。在你们的现实中，在你们的宇宙中，你有你们所说的真空空间。你们有行星。你有星星等等。对吧？好的。现在，想象一下。

Oh, all right. Some of this may not be completely translatable, but we will use whatever terms seem most representative to give you some kind of picture.See if you can wrap your minds around this. In your reality, in your universe, you have what you call empty space.You have planets. You have stars and so forth.Yes?All right. Now, imagine.

如果你愿意，如果可以的话，你看到的不是真空空间，而是一种厚厚的引力流体充满了一切。到目前为止，你跟上我讲的了吗？好的。现在，在厚厚的引力流体中，存在着你们所认为的真空空间的空白球形空隙。对吗?

If you will, if you can, that instead of empty space, you have kind of a thick gravitational fluid filling everything.Are you with me so far? Yes. All right. Now, in that thick gravitational fluid, there are empty spherical voids of what you would recognize as empty space.Yes?

问：好的。

Okay.

巴夏：所以，并非是在真空空间中有固体，我们知道真空空间并不是真正的真空，但只是为了这个说明的目的，我们将用这种方式来说明它，所以在真空空间里没有固体，你在固体空间里有空的物体。对吧？好的。现在，然而，固体空间中的空物体与行星并不完全相同。想象一下，这种流体中有巨大的空心球体。泡泡。大泡泡。有你们星球轨道的直径那么大。对吗？好的。这是典型的。还有更大的。还有更小的。但这只是平均大小。

So, instead of there being solid things in empty space, which we know is not really empty, but just for the purpose of this illustration, we're going to illustrate it this way, so instead of solid things in empty space, you have empty things in solid space.Yes?All right. Now, however, the empty things in solid space are not like planets exactly.Imagine big hollow spheres inside this fluid. Bubbles. Big bubbles.The diameter of the orbit of your planet.Yes?All right. That's typical. There are bigger ones. There are smaller ones. But that's average.

图片
然后想象一下，由于这种引力流体，当它遇到这个真空时，它会产生一个表面。泡泡的内表面，可以说。对吗？在那个表面上，生命是可以生存的。生命可以存在。现在，想象一下，中心不是一颗恒星。有一种完全不同的东西赋予了泡泡内表面存在的一切生命。把它描述成一颗恒星真的很有误导性。它实际上更像是一个旋转的圆环。

And imagine that because of this gravitational fluid, when it encounters this void, it creates a surface.The interior surface of the bubble, so to speak. Yes?On that surface, life can live.Life can exist. Now, imagine that instead of a star at the center. There is something quite different giving life to everything that exists on the interior surface of that bubble.To describe it as a star is really very misleading. It is really more of a rotating torus.

旋转的圆环在旋转时会产生不同的效果，其中一种是高度排斥的，另一种是极具吸引力的。这可能就像在说它既是一个白洞，也是一个黑洞。当气泡中心的旋转圆环正在释放时，当它是一个释放力量、能量的白洞时。它产生了一种压力，气泡内表面的居民可以利用这种压力以磁引力的方式四处移动。让我们先描述一下居民。

And the rotating torus, as it rotates, creates different effects, one of which is highly repulsive, one of which is highly attractive.It might be like saying it's both a white hole and a black hole.When the rotating torus at the center of the bubble is giving off, when it is a white hole giving off a force, an energy.It creates a kind of pressure that the inhabitants on the interior surface of the bubble can utilize in a magnetic gravitational way to move around.Let's describe the inhabitants first.

也许这会让事情变得更清楚。居民基本上是球形的。他们像大理石一样在内表面滚动。他们有你们可能所称的12条细触手。触手用于各种各样的事情，包括操纵。我们现在不谈这个。大多数建筑物，他们建造的是管状的。所以这就像弹珠在管子里滚动，让人进入或离开建筑物。到目前为止，这讲得通吗？

Perhaps it will make it clearer. The inhabitants are basically spherical. They roll around on the inside surface like marbles.They have what you might call 12 thin tentacles.The tentacles are used for a variety of things, including manipulation. We won't get into that right now.Most of the structures, they build are tubular. So it's like marbles rolling in tubes for someone to enter a building or leave it.Does that make sense so far? 

问：是的，我跟上你讲的了。

Yes, I'm with you.

巴夏：好的。他们的球形身体上有传感器，可以告诉他们各种各样的事情。他们可以感知到你们不知道的各种能量。它们确实有一种复眼，在某种程度上这是表面的一部分，使它们能够进行视觉理解。他们确实有听觉理解和各种其他感官。但是由于这个旋转的圆环，也就是说，由于缺乏更好的术语，他们的太阳，他们的恒星，更多地转向黑洞的概念中，然后它产生了一种与排斥能量截然不同的有吸引力的能量。

All right. They have sensors on their spherical bodies that tell them a variety of things.They can perceive a variety of energies you have no idea of.They do have a kind of compound eye in a way that's part of the surface that allows them to have visual comprehension.They do have auditory comprehension and a variety of other senses. But as that rotating torus, that is, for lack of a better term, their sun, their star, rotates more into the idea of the black hole, then it creates an attractive energy that is very different than the repulsive energy.

图片
所以，你可以委婉地说，排斥能量是他们的白天，而吸引力能量就是他们的夜晚。或多或少。他们的身体上有某些东西的方向，这些东西可以利用排斥和吸引的能量在内表面上移动。所以白天，这些吸引子朝向旋转的圆环，而晚上，他们朝向远离它。这有道理吗？他们可以操纵这种方向的变化来减慢自己的速度，加快自己的速度等等。

So you could euphemistically say that the repulsive energy is their daylight and the attractive energy is their nighttime.More or less. They have on their body an orientation of certain things that can use both the repulsive and attractive energy to move around on the inner surface.So by day, those attractors are oriented toward the rotating torus, and by night, they're oriented away from it.Does that make sense?And they can manipulate variations of that orientation to slow themselves, speed themselves up, so on and so forth.

问：这些是智能动物吗？

And are these intelligent beings?

巴夏：哦，当然。当然。

Oh, absolutely. Absolutely.

问：他们有和我们相似的意识吗？

They have a consciousness similar to ours?

巴夏：当然。嗯，它的表达方式非常不同，但就总体而言，是的。我们正在学习与他们沟通。这是一群我们以前从未在宇宙中遇到过的新存有。

Absolutely. Well, it's expressed very differently, but in an overall sense, yes. And we are learning to communicate with them.This is a new group of beings we have never encountered before in a universe we have never encountered before.

问：你提到的引力流体与我们所认为的暗物质相似吗？

Is that gravitational fluid you talked about similar to what we are thinking of as dark matter?

巴夏：不，这不是你此刻有能力理解的。确切地说。关于这一切的惊人之处是，他们的物理学实际上与你们习惯的物理学只有非常非常微小的不同。但这和你们自己的物理学没什么不同。然而，引力流体并不完全是暗物质的概念，不是。这是某种完全不同的东西。这有帮助吗？

No. It is not anything that you have the ability to comprehend at this moment.Exactly. The astonishing thing about all this is that their physics is actually only very, very slightly different than the physics that you're used to.It's just that it's been rearranged in such a way as to be so completely unfamiliar in terms of a reality.But it isn't that different from your own physics. Nevertheless, the fluid is not exactly the idea of dark matter, no.It's something quite different. Does this help?

图片
问：是的，这非常有趣。非常感谢。

Yes, it's very interesting.Thank you very much. 

巴夏：好的。现在，因为我们已经与你们分享了这一点以及我们发现这一现实的经验，所以现在有一点振动通过我们的能量传递给你们所有人。所以，在你们离开这个传讯后，你们可能用各种不同的方式来领会这一点。我们实际上想说的是，如果你突然开始梦见一堆弹珠在各处滚来滚去，不要感到惊讶。但它们并没有那么小。不误导你们。它们的平均直径约为10英尺。所以，祝你们做个好梦。还有别的吗？

All right. Now, because we have shared this and our experience of the discovery of this reality with you, there is a little bit of that vibration coming through our energy right now to all of you.So, you may interpret this in a variety of different ways after you leave this transmission.All we are actually saying is, don't be surprised if you suddenly start dreaming about a bunch of marbles rolling around all over the place.But they're not that small. Not to mislead you. Their average diameter is about 10 feet.So, pleasant dreams. Thank you. Anything else?

问：没有了，那非常好。非常感谢。

No, that's very good.Thank you so much. 

巴夏：好的，谢谢。

Alright, thank you.



