如何成为通灵人
25.11.6
只要找到一种方法去做。试验，试验塔罗牌，试验任何东西，你都会找到自己的方式。

                 译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

             采访时间：2025年8月15日

HCC:对于那些想尝试成为公开管道的听众，你有什么建议吗？

What advice would you give to anybody listening who would like to try and become an open channel?

达里尔：嗯，我的意思是，一个发声的管道，因为有不同的，你知道，你可以是一个自动写作，你可以只是一个有意识的管道，你可以使用塔罗牌、水晶球，任何你想用的东西来挖掘你需要的东西，并以你想的方式传递信息。

Well, I mean, a vocal channel, because there are different, you know, you can be an automatic writing, you can just be a conscious channel, you can use tarot cards, crystal balls, whatever you want to use to tap into what you need and bring information through however you want to bring it through. 

我会建议一些像我一样对发声通灵感兴趣的人，我建议最简单的练习方法之一是邀请朋友，甚至是一些陌生人，他们有他们想要答案的问题，他们真的非常想要答案，然后让他们问你这些问题。你知道，你可以从几个人开始，让自己进入一种放松的冥想状态，看看你得到了什么，没有得到什么，不要编辑，不要删剪，这可能听起来很荒谬，听起来很愚蠢，这可能很荒唐。

 I would suggest that some that are interested in vocal channeling in the way that I do, I would suggest that one of the easiest ways to practice that is to actually invite friends or even some strangers who have questions they want answers to, that they really, really want answers to, and just have them ask those questions of you. You know, you can start with a few people and just let yourself go into kind of a relaxed meditative state and just see what you get and don't, don't edit it, don't censor it, it may sound ridiculous, it may sound silly, it may be nonsensical.

图片
但只要让人们知道，看，我们要这样做，因为我在练习，我在努力，我在试着去感受这些信息的感觉。我将如何得到它。它将如何为我工作。你必须放弃这样的想法，即你会看起来很傻，听起来很傻，或者人们会嘲笑你或诸如此类的事情。你只需要说，看，这是所有的赌注。我只是在练习，你在帮助我练习，我很感谢。让我们看看这里发生了什么，带着积极的意图、积极的能量去做，因为你这样做会为人们服务。

But just let people know, look, we're going to do this because I'm practicing, I'm trying to, I'm trying to feel my way into what this information feels like.How I'm going to get it.How it's going to work for me.And you have to let go of the idea that you're going to look silly,sound silly or that people are going to jugde you or anything like that.You just have to do it and say look,this is all bets are off.I'm just practicing you're helping me practicing,I appreciate it.Let 's just see what happens here and just have a positive intent,positive energy and do it because you are going to be of service to people in doing so.


这足以让你处于适当的状态，敞开心扉，接受任何能帮助别人的东西。所以你知道，一开始可能会有点碰运气，一开始你可能会与自己的高我打交道。你可能正在与灵性导师打交道。你可能正在与另一个实体打交道。但你必须放下知道这是从哪里来的。因为这样你就停止了这个过程。你就像这是乔告诉我的，这是我高我的想法吗？这是我的灵性导师吗？那么，你实际上并没有传递信息。你只是在脑海中聊天，试图弄清楚它是从哪里来的。

That's enough to put you in the proper state to just open up and receive whatever is going to help someone.So you know at first it might be a little hit and miss at first you might be dealing with your own higher mind.You might be dealing with the spirit guide. You might be dealing with another entity.But you have to let go of having to know where that's coming from.Because then you're stopping the process.You are like is joe telling me this,is it my higher mind?is it my spirit guide?Then you're not actually delivering information.You're just chatting in your mind about trying to figure out where it's come from.

如果你有积极的意图，并且你想为别人服务。一开始不要担心，如果你有什么原因需要知道。稍后具体说明是什么身份，它会告诉你，你会得到它。所以起初，这只是为了服务，让信息以任何对你有效的方式传递，以回答这些问题。这与我必须准确或诸如此类的事情无关。我要做的是在这一刻，在这一点上，帮助最多的人，为最多的人服务，然后就这样去做。然后你知道，你会被引导通过它，因为这样做你也会敞开心扉。你的向导，你的灵魂家庭，你的天使存有，外星，外次元存有等等。

If you have the positive intention and you 're trying to be of service .Don't worry about that at first,if there is some reason why you need to know.Specific later what identity that is,it'll be told you,you'll get it.So at first it's just about being of service,letting information through in whatever way works for you that answers those questions.And it's not about I have to be accurate or anything like that.It's I'm going to bring through what will work for this moment,at this point that will help the most people that will be of service to the most people and just go with it that way.And then you know,you 'll be guided through it because that by doing that you're opening up too.Your guides,your soul family,your angelic beings,ets,extra dimensionals.

图片
无论谁将成为你们灵性团队的一员，因为你们都有灵性团队，我们都有。它可以由几十个甚至几百个甚至几千个愿意参与的存有组成，他们从一开始就支持我们。我们已经说过好的，你会有一个物质上的体验，我们会保持灵魂状态，我们会帮助你这个。所以，如果你有一个愿望，一个激情，一个通过通灵的想法来服务的爱好。只要找到一种方法去做。试验，试验塔罗牌，试验任何东西，你都会找到自己的方式。突然间，你会明白的，这对我来说很有效，我可以突然利用它。因为记住，这些都是意识许可。


Whoever is going to be part of your spirit team,because you all have spirit teams,we all do.And it can be comprised of literally dozens if not hundres if not thousands of beings who are willing to participate who have our backs who have been there from the beginning.We have said ok,you're going to have a physical experience,and we're going to stay in spirit,and we 're going to help you with this.So if you have a desire, a passion, a penchant, for being of service through the idea of channeling.just find a way to do it. Experiment, experiment with tarot cards, experiment with whatever, you'll find your way. And suddenly, you'll just get it, this works for me, I can suddenly tap into this. Because remember, these are all permission slips.

他们只是物质现实中事物与我们的信念系统相一致的方式，根据我们的信念系统，这使我们更容易允许自己开放、接收和利用这些信息。所以，这并不是说占卜卡在做这件事或类似的事情，而是它们让你的信念系统让你更容易允许自己以这种方式运作。而这是我们在这个加速和扬升时期训练的一部分，是打开我们获取信息的不同方式。

They're just ways in which things align in physical reality with our belief systems, that make it easier for us, according to our belief systems, to give ourselves permission to open up and receive and tap into that information.So it's not that the cards are doing it or anything like that, it's that they are allowing you with your belief system to make it easier on yourself to give yourself permission to function that way. And this is part of our training in this time of acceleration and ascension, is to open up to different ways we have of tapping into information.

图片
你知道，无论你们称之为阿卡西记录，还是仅仅称之为信息嵌入的时空结构，术语是什么并不重要，重要的是你敞开心扉，试图通过提供人们需要的信息来提供服务，并以任何适合你的方式去做。

You know, whether you call it the Akashic Records, or, you know, just the fabric of space time in which information is embedded, it doesn't matter what the terminology is, it just matters that you open up and try to be of service by bringing through information that people need, and just do it whatever way works for you.

HCC:我非常喜欢这个。

I love that so much. 

