巴夏：模仿为何如此强大（NLP与心灵感应）
笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2015-12-14





I don't know if it is the same topic, but I am wondering

我不知道这两个话题是否相同，但是我在想



NLP neurolinguistic programming, why it is so effective with human consciousness

NLP，神经语言程序学，为什么它对人类意识是如此有效



Because it's a physical form of telempathy.

因为NLP是“心灵感应”的一种实体形式



The idea again remembers that

我再说一下



Telempathy is not that you're reading someone else's mind.

心灵感应，不是你读取了对方的思想



It's that you're having the same thought at the same time,

而是你们同时有着相同的思想



Because you're on a similar wavelength

因为你们的 脑电波/振频 相似



NLP neurolinguistic programming trains you to actually match in every way that you possibly can.

NLP，神经语言程序学，尽一切可能地训练你



The actual physical and neurological modality of someone else

在肢体动作上、思维神经上都与另一个人相似



You're mirroring their actions, their behaviors

你在模仿他们的行动、他们的表现



Every movement, every sign,

每一个动作，每一个手势，



their body language, their attitude, their energy

他们的肢体语言，他们的态度，他们的能量



And when you match them perfectly enough

当你完美地匹配对方



You will actually start having the same thought at the same time,

你就能在同时，跟他们有着相同的 思维/想法



And you will experience telempathy

你就能体验到心灵感应



You will know exactly what they're thinking by mirroring them

你通过模仿他们，就能清楚地知道他们在想什么



And then that simultaneously reprograms your psyche.

那同时也能改写你的心智，是吧



It can, yes!

是的，当然可以！



Depending upon what is your're mirror

这取决于你模仿的对象



And what your intent is behind mirroring it.

以及你模仿行为其背后的意图



This is why the idea of role models can be important

这就是为什么，榜样是很重要的(耶稣 佛陀)



Again, of course, you will always be unique

当然，你永远都是独一无二的



You always do it in your own way.

你总是以自己的方式行事



But if you're picking positive role models

但如果你选个正面积极的榜样



that are already representative of a typical kind of behavior and reality and lifestyle that you prefer for yourself

这个榜样的行为处事、生活方式、外在环境等，都是你希望自己也拥有的



Well, by mimicking and doing the kinds of things that that person is doing in their life to the best of your ability.

那你尽自己最大能力，去模仿他在日常生活中的做事方式



You start to take on that energy

你便开始汇聚这股能量



You start to mirror that reality

你便开始显化类似实相



And you will allow whatever version of it is unique to you

你将允许一切自然发生，允许属于你的独一无二的世界



to manifest in the easiest and most effortless possible way

以最以最简单、最轻松不费力方式，来到你



You can use NLP that way

你可以这么用NLP



Does that help?

这对你有帮助吗？



Yes,it is kind of interesting how our brains are wired to allow us to absorb information.

有的！我们大脑的巧妙设计，让我们接收信息的方式，真是太有意思了！



It is the receiver between the higher mind and the physical mind

大脑是高我意识与身体意识之间的的信息接收器



And it is wired to receive an array of frequencies on fractal scale

其（神经）布局可以接受到 分形指数级 的一系列频率



And it will interpret and download and transform those frequencies

并将这些频率编译、下载，并转化成



in a way that is relevant for whatever is possible in the belief system to be capable of being held in the personality

个人的相关、其信念系统所允许接收的、任何可能信息



You're really expanding our perception,

你大大地扩展了我们的感知力



What we can do to teach in schools in the educational system from a completely really new place

让我们明白，在当前教育体系下，我们能做一些改善



And then have help these children to have a much more expensive and amazing experience

从而帮助孩子们，有一个更加丰富多彩的校园生活



It is not really that new

这也不算新的（前面巴夏讲未来学校）



Because there are times in your history were other civilizations used to understand this and use it

因为在你们的历史中，有一些文明古国了解并使用这种教学方式



In particular some of the ancient atlantean teachings were more in this direction

尤其是一些古亚特兰蒂斯的教学，大致都在这个方向



But you forgot this and now you're remembering, so that's okay.

你们过去忘记了，但现在慢慢回想起来，这真的很好！



Just so much more fun to learn as a kid when you're doing what you love to do

能像小孩子一样，做着爱做的事，真是太好玩了！



And one of the most important things for allowing you to learn

让你们能好好学习，天天向上的很重要的一点是：



is to make sure that you are fueled up.

确保你们加满油（吃饱饭）！



So now, please take your break and nourish yourselves

所以现在，稍作休息，犒赏自己一顿美味午餐吧



So that you will be more capable of absorbing more information without wearing yourselves out.

这样你们就能吸收更多信息，而不是饿到前胸贴后背



We will resume this transmission after your nourishment break.

我们，饭后再聊



Enjoy

放开肚皮，去吃吧！



有偿阅读，随心付费！

图片



阅读 1450
