巴夏：平等的交换
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-09 22:20



问：你好，老巴，
Hello Bashar,

我来自保加利亚，我有一个问题要问你。
I am from Bulgaria and I have a question for you please.

一些保加利亚人相信，如果一个人是灵性的，
Some Bulgarians have the belief that if someone is spiritual,

那他或她就不该为他们提供的服务收费，
Then he or she doesn't have to charge money for the services they offer,

而且需要免费提供，
And needs to provide them for free,

好像有人欠他们免费的救济。
like someone owes them salvation free of charge.

这是一种完全的受害者心态，
which is total victim mentality,

这些人给了我们耶稣和其他灵性老师的例子，他们做事从不拿钱，
These people give us examples jesus and other spiritual teachers who never took money for what they did,

他们说耶子用鱼喂了成千上万的人，从来没有向他们收费，
They say jesus fed thousands with fishes, and never charged them,

所以我想听听你对此的看法。
So I would like to hear your perspective on this place.

还有我该如何回应这种挑衅呢？
So and how I can answer this kind of provocations?

谢谢！
Thank you!


巴夏：首先，你提到的关于耶稣，佛陀等等的引用，
First of all the references that you're talking about jesus buddha what have you,

这些是每个人都有潜力的例子，
These are examples of the potential in every single human being,

所以这并不一定是提供的服务，
So this is not necessarily a service that was being provided,

这是一个教学的例子。
It was a teaching example.

这样其他人就可以被鼓励像这些人一样做同样的事情，
So that others could be encouraged to be like these beings to do the same kinds of things,

因为你们都有这些能力，
Because you all have those abilities,

所以作为教学的例子，当然，
So as teaching examples, of course,

他们是不收费的。
They are not charging for that.

但如果他们提供一种服务，像是我将为你提供疗愈服务，
But if they were to provide a service like I am going to provide you the service of healing,

我会给你提供一种振动，好让你去匹配这种频率，
I am going to give you a vibration that allows you to match that frequency,

这样你就可以疗愈自己。
So you can heal yourself.

我在训练你，用一种不同的方式教导你，为你提供服务给你机会去做一些你自己不能或不愿意做的事情，
And I am training you teaching you on a different way on a consistent level of providing the service of giving you the opportunity to do something that you are either unable or unwilling to do yourself,

我正在用我的时间和能力来做这件事，
And I am using my time and my abilities to do this,

因为你不一定愿意或能够自己做这件事，
Because you are not necessarily willing or able to do it yourself,

那么需要一个公平的交换，因为花费了时间和精力来给你能力，或者至少教会你如何赋予自己能力去做同样的事情。
Then there needs to be a fair exchange for the time and energy spent to give you the ability or at least teach you how to give yourself the ability to do the same things.

这与其他人所做的一次性教学例子，或者展示你的能力所能做到的是不同的，
That's different than what those other people were doing as simply a one-off teaching example or a showing of what you're capable of,

所以只有当别人为你付出他们的时间和精力来换取一些东西时，这才是公平的。
So it is only fair when someone is giving you their time their energy to give them something in exchange.

因此这是一个平等的交换，
So that it is an equal exchange,

因为你说过，你去找他们获取这些信息或帮助的唯一原因是：你认为你自己无法或不愿意这样，
Since you have stated that the only reason you're going to them to get this information or assistance is because you are either believing you are unable or unwilling to do it yourself,

你是在请求他们为你提供服务，
You're asking them to provide a service for you,

必须有某种形式的交换使得能量的交换相平等。
And there must be some form of exchange to allow it to be an equal exchange of energy.