巴夏：世事无常
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2022-09-29 22:15 



问：这个人说，我已经发现了一个关于“无常”的负面信念，

This person is saying I have identified a negative belief about the impermanence,



现实的本质是瞬息万变的，每时每刻都在变化，

The ever fleeting nature of reality the constant change at every moment,



我现在很难摆脱它，

And I'm having trouble getting rid of it,



你能谈谈宇宙无常的本质吗？

Could you talk about the nature of impermanence in the universe?



然后那个信念的核心是什么？

And what might be at the core of this belief?





巴夏：这是第五条法则，变化是唯一不变的，

This is the fifth law change is the only constant,



正如我们用类比的形式告诉你们的，变化是最稳定的形式，

And as we have given you in analogous forms change is the most stable form,



因此你所说的“无常”，你对它的消极看法或者定义与无常的含义相反，

Therefore what you're calling impermanence and your negative View and perspective of it or definition of it is the opposite of what impermanence is for,



你不一定想要一遍又一遍地体验千变一律。

You don't necessarily want to experience the idea of sameness moment after moment after moment.



因为那样你就永远不会知道下一个时刻到来了，

Because then you would never know that another moment has arrived,



你会被“困”在一个绝对停滞的宇宙中，

You would be quote unquote stuck in an absolutely stagnating universe,



所以无常能容许各种改变的发生，成长的体验。

So the idea is that impermanence is allowing for variety for change for the experience of growth.



再看看这个类比，

And again, look at this analogy,



哪个更稳定呢？单脚一直站立，还是走路一只脚走到另一只脚，

What is more stable? trying to stand on one leg forever, or walking from leg to leg from foot to foot,



你动的越多，你改变的越多，你就越稳定，

The more you move, the more you change, the more stable you are.



因此，无常实际上更持久，

Therefore impermanence is actually more permanent,



它是变化的永恒本质。

It's the permanent nature of change.





问：这是好事。

So it's blessing.





巴夏：是啊。

Yes.



除此之外，

Besides which,



如果没有无常，

If there was no impermanence,



你甚至都不知道它。

You wouldn't even know it,



因为你会永远困在一个瞬间里。

Because you would be stuck in a single moment forever.



问：从这个意义上讲，物理现实是无常的，

And also in that sense physical reality is impermanent,



这就是为什么我们知道它是意识的投射。

And that's how we know that it's a projection of consciousness.



巴夏：在这个意义上讲，是的，换句话说，真正真实的东西不会溶解，不会以任何方式恶化，

In that sense, yes. in other words what is really really real, doesn't dissolve doesn't in any way shape or form deteriorate,



所以你知道物理现实呈现变化和恶化的方式，便可知物理现实不是真的，

So you know through the idea of deterioration and change in physical reality in the way that it's presented by physical reality that physical reality isn't really real,



而是意识的投射，是的。

But a projection of consciousness, yes.



在这种无常的语境下，你可以看出物理现实是一种虚幻的投射，

In that context of impermanence, you can tell that physical reality is an illusional projection,



因为真实的东西不会恶化，

Because what is real doesn't deteriorate,



这并不意味着它不会变化，

Doesn't mean it doesn't change,



它只是意味着它不会像物理现实所呈现的那样恶化，

It just means it doesn't deteriorate in the way that physical reality presents that concept,



这就是为什么你必须不断地重新创造它，让它继续运转，重新充能它。

That's why you have to constantly recreate it to keep it going to re-energize it.