巴夏：想要逃离现实
原创 无限宇宙之爱 无限宇宙之爱 2023-01-04 23:28



译者：Ashitaka 阿西达卡
传讯时间：2022年12月17日




问：当你成为一个完全非物质的灵魂，往前体验其它层面的自己时，是否会发生巨大的界限？

Is there this huge demarcation that happens when you become fully non-physical as a spirit and experience other levels of yourself going forward?



因为你仍然可以有一个线性的第五第六第七密度的发展。

Because you can still have a linear progression of fifth and sixth and seventh.



巴夏：是的，在灵性世界的体验是完全不同的，

Yes, but again it's experienced very differently in the spirit world.



但是，是的，正如大多数有濒死体验的人所描述的那样，这种界限会是完全不一样的。

But, yes, the demarcation can be quite different as most people who have near-death experiences describe,



突然间你就充满了无条件的爱，

Suddenly you are filled with unconditional love,



你明白并知道你的人生意义和你的选择，

You understand and know what your life is all about and what you chose,



在那个状态，你完全记得自己是谁。

You remember completely and utterly who you are in that sense.



问：有很多值得期待的事情。

It's a lot to look forward to.



图片



巴夏：恩，但我不是指逃避现实。

Well, yes, but not I mean to run away from physical reality.



问：对，因为我们也经常听到这个主题，

Right, because like we get that theme a lot too,



你知道，想要逃离现实，

You know is that the desire to get out of physical reality,



因为很难接受消极的掠夺性的环境，等等诸如此类的事情。

Because it's hard to accept things that are negative predatory environment all of these kinds of things.



巴夏：恩，但这是一个误解，

Yes, but that's a misunderstanding,



这不是关于逃离物理现实，

It's not about getting out of physical reality,



而是让你知道你正在创造物理现实中的体验，

It's about allowing you to know you are creating the experience in physical reality,



这样你在现实的同时，就能体验到你控制着你的创造，知道物理现实是灵性的表达。

So that you can experience your control of what you're creating while physical, knowing that physical reality is an expression of spirit.



这不是关于摆脱现实，

It's not about getting out of it,



这是关于使物理现实变得更灵性。

It's about rendering physical reality more spiritually.



问：这很神奇，训练的方法是无论你经历了什么保持积极的状态，不要让你对结果的期望控制你怎么回应它。

That's amazing, and the training ground for that is being able to stay in a positive State, no matter what you experience, and not letting expectation of how it's supposed to be control the way that you respond to it.



巴夏：对。

Correct.



问：所有这些你都在兴奋公式里讲了。

All of these kinds of things that you've expressed in the formula.



巴夏：恩，这是你们许多人都有的误解，想要离开现实，逃离或战胜现实，

Yes, so this is a misunderstanding many people on your planet have about the idea of leaving physical reality, getting out of or overcoming physical reality,



不是，你需要做的是以一种更灵性的方式创造现实，

No, what you need to do is create physical reality in a more spiritual way,



这样两者（物理现实和灵性现实）之间的差别就小了。

So that there is less difference between the two.



问：很强大。

Very powerful.