巴夏：富足的“瞎子”
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-10-06



Abundance seems to be an issue that absorbs much of your attention and has seemed to absorb much of your attention for quite some time. 

“富足/丰盛”这个问题 占据/吸引 了你（当下的）很多的注意力，而且还占据了很长时间。



Let's address the notions of abundance, so you can understand attracting abundance into your life is quite a simple matter and does not have to be in any way the struggle you may have created it to be. 

今天，我们就来说说“富足”这一概念，这样你就可以清楚地知道：吸引“富足”到你生活中来，其实是很容易的一件事，你根本不需要通过艰苦奋斗、努力拼搏就可以实现。



Many of you have been told that abundance is certain things, but is not other things. 

你们很多人都被这样教导过，认为：富足，即拥有某些特定的东西，而不是其他东西。



Many of you have become wrapped-up in the definitions that create abundance, or an apparent lack of it. 

而且你们很多人也都被“包裹”在“你要么是丰盛的，要么是在匮乏之中”这样的定义里面。



Allow us to address the notion and make very clear in your understanding that it is only—ONLY—your definitions of abundance that prevent you from experiencing it in your lives. 

现在就让我们来详细讲解“富足”这个概念，这样你就可以透彻地理解到：只有你对富足的定义，才会阻止你体验到富足的生活。



There is absolutely nothing inherent in the idea of abundance or the experience of abundance that is difficult to attain. 

拥有富足的理念，或者体验富足的生活，这绝对没有任何难度。



Only your definitions of abundance make it seem to be beyond your reach. 

只有你对富足的定义，才会让你认为“富足，我所欲也，然其遥不可及，可欲不可求也！”



Here comes another new definition. 

现在，我就给你们来一个“富足”的新定义！



Are you paying attention? 

你有注意看吗？



Alright.  

很好！



Abundance is the ability to do what you need to do, when you need to do it, period. 

富足，就是在你需要做你需要做的事情时，你就能做到的能力，仅此而已。



"Hey, he didn't say anything about money. He left out money. What good is abundance without money?" 

“嘿！他把钱给漏掉了！关于钱，他什么也没说。没有钱，这算哪门子富足啊？”



Well, what good is money without abundance? 

哈！没有富足，有钱还有啥意思呢？



Again, allow yourself to understand the basic definition of abundance: the ability to do what you need to do, when you need to do it. 

请再花点时间，好好理解一下“富足”的基本定义：富足，就是在你需要做你需要做的事情时，你就能做到的能力。



Now yes, on your planet we understand you have one symbol of abundance called money. 

是的，我们也理解，在你们星球上，你们有一个“富足”的象征，即金钱。



Yes, it's valid; 

是的，它有效！



yes, it's creative; 

是的，它有创意！



yes, it's going to change. 

是的，它将发生改变！



But that's alright. It is still valid. 

但这也是好事。它现在仍然有效。



It is just as creative as any other way to represent abundance. 

它，就像其他代表富足的形式一样，也有创造性！



"What do you mean, any other way? What other way?" 

“你说‘其他形式’是啥意思呀？还有哪些方式？”



Well, many other ways; 

哈！方式多着呢！



And that's the difficulty in your definition. 

而这就是你们对于富足的定义感到困难的地方。



If you only see abundance only as money very often you don't see abundance in its other forms. 

如果你认为“富足，就是有钱”，那你就常常看不到富足的其他形式。



You're blind so to speak, abundance-blind. 

那你“瞎”了！可以说，你在富足方面，是个瞎子。



Because "green" is the only color you allow abundance to come in. 

因为你只允许“绿色的富足”进入你眼球。（绿色代表美元）



But abundance comes in a total spectrum. 

但进入你眼球的“富足”是完整的光谱。



The idea is to understand you must relax your insistence that "It must come in this certain way or I won't accept it. I won't recognize it if I don't see this and this on such and such a date, to the penny. Otherwise, I'm not abundant. What's wrong with me? I can't attract this amount of money by this date because I need it for this and I need it for that. What's wrong with me?" 

你必须放下你的执着，不要认为：富足必须以某种方式到来，否则我不接受；如果X年X月X日我没收到XX钱，那我就不是富足的；为什么我无法在XX日前吸引到XX钱？哪里出错了？我还得需要钱做这事，需要钱做那事呢……我到底咋地了？



Again, these are just definitions. 

再次提醒，这些只不过是你的定义。



If you allow yourself to understand that abundance is simply whatever way, shape or form your automatic synchronicity can attract into your life what you need, to allow you to do what you need to do when you need to do it, then you will begin to realize that you are very abundant and have been for quite some time. 

如果你真的明白“富足”只不过是你自动地、同步地吸引来任何你的生活所需，让你可以在你需要做某件事的时候，你就能够做到，那你就会开始明白：你是非常富足的，而且你已经富了很久了。（你是真正的“富二代”，^_^）



When money is the strongest way, then the money will be there. You'll attract the opportunity to give you the money. 

当金钱是（实现你做某事的）最强烈方式，那么钱就会在那里。你会吸引某个机会让你可以拥有所需要的钱。



But when money is not the simplest way, when it is not the path of least resistance, that may be the last way it will manifest. 

而当金钱不是最简单的方式，不是最小阻力的道路，那你最不可能显化出来的，可能就是金钱。



You may be receiving many other ways that abundance is manifesting in your life, or I'll say, attempting to manifest in your life. But you may not be allowing it to, again, because of your definitions. 

但你可能会接收到其他很多种的“富足”。这些富足显化在你生命中，或者说，“试图”显化在你生命中，但由于你的“定义”，你可能就不会允许它们进来。



I'll give you an analogy. 

我用一个比喻来说吧！



This analogy keys directly into the concept of fundamental "unconscious" belief systems. 

这个比喻，能够直接“解锁”你们的深层次无意识信念系统



When they are growing up, many individuals on your planet hear many stories, many parables as you call them. 

在成长过程中，你们听了很多的故事，很多的寓言



And perhaps one day you hear the parable of The Very Rich Person. 

也许有一天，你还听了一个叫《富豪》故事



And in being a small child, being open to all information, you sit there and absorb this parable. 

小孩子对于所有的信息，都是敞开接收的。所以，小不点的你坐在那里，认真地听了这个故事。



And this parable says, "This person is exceedingly abundant. "

这个故事说：“这个人，极其富裕”



And at the same time, "This person is an exceedingly mean, nasty person. "

“但同时，他也是个非常的尖酸刻薄、卑鄙下流的人”



 So your little budding mind says, "Oh, abundance equals nastiness. "

你的小脑袋瓜想：“噢！有钱人就是卑鄙下流”



And it joins the two. The two ideas marry and fuse in your consciousness belief matrix. 

于是，“富足”跟“卑鄙下流”就合二为一，进入了你的有意识的信念矩阵



So one day, when you've forgotten that you ever heard that parable, you grow up and say to yourself, "You know, I would really, really like to be abundant. I'd really like to be rich. “

随着时间的推移，你长大了，也忘记了这个故事。有一天，你对自己说：“哇！我真想做个有钱人！我太希望自己有钱了！”



But then, all of a sudden, somewhere deep down, so deep down that you can't even hear it. 

但是突然之间，在你内心非常非常深的地方，传出一个你根本听不到的小声音



A little voice says, "But if I become rich, I'm going to become nasty and I don't want to do that—so I'm not going to let myself become rich. 

那个小声音说：“但是如果我有钱了，那我也会变得卑鄙下流！我不想成为这样的人，所以我还是不要让自己有钱吧！”



Now, when you begin to delve deep in your meditation, when you are quiet within yourself and dive back through your own personal history and discover what the beliefs are that you have about situations in life, including abundance,

现在，你开始进入深度冥想。当你内在安静下来，回溯自你的过往经历，去发现你对于生活中的某些情景，有什么样的信念（也包括对于富足的信念）。



and where you got those beliefs and why you have them

找到你是在哪个地方“种下”这些信念，以及你为何会有这些信念。



then you can recognize how you may be sabotaging yourself, constantly short-circuiting yourself by having "piggy-backed" belief systems that have no business being joined together. 

然后再认定出这些信念是如何让你不断地进入恶性循环，如何不断地摧毁你自己。最后你会明白，这些你一直背负的信念，其实是不相干的事件捆绑在一起的结果。



When you understand that you may have beliefs like the one just mentioned, you can then clarify the issue by saying, 

当你明白，你是因为这些缘由而有了这样的信念，你就可以厘清问题，对自己说：



"Ah, but now I understand a person can be rich without being mean. 

“啊！现在我明白了，一个人可以富足，也可以不酸刻薄、卑鄙下流”



Now I understand that. 

“现在我真的明白了！”



But I had to understand that I believed it was not possible before this point. 

“但我之前还认为这种情况是不可能的。”



I equated nastiness and abundance as the concept

“我把卑鄙下流和富足混为一谈”



and therefore, would not allow myself to be rich, because I did not want to be nasty. 

“于是我就不允许自己成为富人，因为我不想当个卑鄙小人”



I did not want the whole picture of what I thought it meant to be rich. 

“因为我不想成为尖酸刻薄的有钱人”



Now, how would I prefer to believe it is to be rich?" 

“那我现在更希望 自己所相信的有钱人是什么样子呢？”



Redefine, rewrite your own personal definitions. 

重新定义，重新书写你个人关于“富足”的定义



Once you understand what the definition is, rewrite it. 

一旦你明白这个定义，重新书写它



Use your imagination. 

你可以运用你的 想象力



Rewrite the belief the way you prefer it to be

以你自己喜欢的方式，重写你的信念



"I am a loving, kind, beautiful, artistic, creative, rich individual. 

“我是一个充满爱、善良、美丽、有艺术天赋的、有创造力的、富足的人。”



that's the kind of individual I prefer to be.

“我希望自己成为这样的人”



And I now know I can be without in any way, shape or form having to hurt anyone else or myself, whatever I want to be. 

“现在我也知道，我可以成为我想成为的任何人，根本不需要通过伤害他人或自己方式来实现。”



That's how powerful I really am. "

“真正的我，就是这么强大！”



That's true power. 

这才是真正的力量！



When you understand that you are already as powerful as you need to be— without having to hurt anyone else or yourself—in order to create the reality you prefer, then you know True Power. 

当你知道你已经足够强大，根本不需要通过伤害自己或者他人，就能够创造你想要的任何实相，那说明你明白了“真正的力量”



Power is not "control." 

力量不是“控制”



It is not "domination." 

力量不是“统治”



It is not "attempting to try" to make your reality conform to your will power. 

也不是“试图着”“尝试”使你的实相符合你的意志



No. 

不！



Will is simply focus. 

意志，就是简简单单地 聚焦/关注



It is simply clarity about who and what you are; 

清清楚楚地知道你是什么？你是谁？



what it is you prefer. 

你想成为什么？



And, clarity about what it is you believe you deserve. 

并且弄清楚，你所相信的“你值得拥有什么？”



That's a big issue. 

这是一个“大哉问”



Deservability. 

值得感



Big issue. 

你们大部分人都有的问题



Especially with regard to abundance, 

尤其是是“富足”方面



"Do I deserve to be abundant?"

“我值得富足吗？”



But again, it is the actions themselves, it is the reality itself that says it all. 

但话说回来，你的行动本身，你的实相本身说明了一切。



Are you willing to believe it to the point where you're willing to be it? 

你是否愿意相信“你本是富足”、“你值得拥有富足”以至于你愿意将它们活出来的程度？



Are you willing to act it out, to be that person, that abundant person than can then attract that reality to themselves? 

你是否愿意表现得像那个富足的你一样，从而将他的实相吸引过来？



As long as you trust that you are not avoiding something you need to look at, you must trust that your excitement is the thing to follow, then act in that direction. 

只要你坚信自己并没有回避一些自己必须面对的东西，那你只需要相信“兴奋”的指引，然后跟随它，朝它指引的方向前进。

