巴夏：请大大方方地接受！
原创 笑笑^_^学进 巴夏Bashar 2016-05-24
Receiving with Grace 

请大方地接受

问：

I've been flown to Russia and all over the world as a healer. 

我是个疗愈师，经常飞到俄罗斯以及世界各地为人们做疗愈



Many people have offered me money but I've never felt good about taking money, ever. 

很多人都给我钱，但是我对于收钱，从来都没感觉好过



巴夏：

Why? 

为什么？



问：

I don't know. 

我不知道



What excites me the most is to be able to help people in the best way that I can. 

最让我兴奋的是，我能以最适合自己的方式，去给别人做疗愈



巴夏：

Alright. 

很好！



But what about you being helped? 

那你怎么看自己被别人帮助呢？



问：

Well, that's right. 

嗯！你说的对！



So I was curious, because I would love to do other forms of healing also. 

我也很好奇，因为我也喜欢其他方式的疗愈（结合上下文，提问者可能想学其他形式的疗愈，所以认为自己需要别人帮助）



巴夏：

Alright. 

好！



Start with healing yourself. 

先从疗愈你自己开始



Understand that there are many forms of abundance. 

要知道“富足”的形式，有多种多样



Now, in a sense, what you call money on your planet can be one representative form of abundance. 

某种程度上讲，你们所说的金钱，可以是一种富足的代表形式



But it will not always require that money be in your life to allow you to do what you need to do. 

但在生活中，你并不一定都需要金钱，才能做你需要做的事



You can be supported in many different ways. 

你还有很多不同的方式，可以做到的（直翻：有很多不同的方式都能支持你做到）



If someone is simply willing to put you up in their place, to give you food, to share with you many of the things that it might otherwise require money to get, then certainly you can take that as a form of abundance in lieu of the concept of money. 

如果有人请你去他家住，请你吃饭，跟你分享许多需要钱才能买到的东西，那你就可以把这当成一种可以代替金钱的富足



But at the same time, for many individuals, the gesture of sharing money is the only thing that really represents to them the idea of equal exchange. 

同时，对很多人来说，“给钱”才是唯一能的、能真正表示公平交易的方式



For you to refuse that exchange beyond a certain point is, in a sense, not allowing yourself to allow the situation to be balanced. 

但如果你一直拒绝收钱，那某种程度上讲，你就是不允许公平交易，不允许双方能量平衡（意译）



Do you understand? 

你能明白吗？



问：

Yes. 

是的！



巴夏：

There is nothing wrong with the acceptance, there is nothing wrong with "receiving" if you are given a gift. 

接受，根本没什么错！如果有人给你礼物，你收了下来，这根本就没什么不对！



The idea that people might be willing to do that out of love, is an indication to you that the Universe is attempting to support you in return for the love that you are willing to give. 

如果有人出发于爱，给你钱，或给你礼物，那表明宇宙在支持你，在回馈你你所给出的爱



Do you understand? 

你明白吗？



问：

Yes, that makes sense. 

明白！你说的有道理！



巴夏：
Again, it doesn't always have to come in the form of money, but sometimes that is what will allow another individual to really feel they are returning a gift to you. 

还有，对方回馈给你的也不一定是金钱。有时候他们对你必须有所付出，才能让他们能真正感受到自己也能给你的生命带来礼物（意译）



问：

Thank you. I see. 

谢谢！我懂了.



巴夏：

So you do not have to throw the gift back in their face. 

所以，别把人家送给你的礼物甩在他们脸上



Accept it with gratitude and graciousness

请带着感恩，大大方方地接收下来！



and again, realize you don't have to be worried that your ego will go negative on you and get out-of-control, 

还有，不要担心你的小我会变得很负面，爬到你头上（控制你），而使你人生失控。



or that you will have to become fixated in the idea of materialism. 

或者你会变得唯利是图



It is alright for you to be absolutely and effortlessly abundant as long as you understand that your abundance, 

只要你明白你是富足的，那你绝对可以轻而易举地富足



no matter what form it takes, will always only be exactly representative of the level of sharing that YOU are creating and the level of abundance and joy YOU are creating for others as well. 

不论富足的形式为何，都准确地表明了你所创造的“分享”程度，以及你为他人所带来（创造）的富足与喜悦的程度



Therefore, it's simply a direct reflection of what you're doing. 

因此，你的富足，也直接反映了当下你所做的



And I will remind you once again, and all of you, that the true opposite of love is guilt, not hate. 

还有，我再次提醒大家，爱的反面，不是恨，而是愧疚。



图片

本文节选自巴夏通灵资料集

《Quest For Truth — 100 Insights That Could Change Your Life》

无视频、无音频。

阅读 6910