巴夏：金钱以外的富足
原创 巴夏Bashar 巴夏Bashar 2020-04-10


问：

Hi, Bashar! 
你好，巴夏！



巴夏：

And to you, good day! 

你好，日安！



问：

Thank you so much for everything you've done for all of us. 

非常感谢您为我们所有人所做的一切！



巴夏：

It is our passion and our pleasure. 

这是我们的激情，也是我们的喜乐！



问：

Amazing! 

太棒了！



I have two questions. 

我有两个问题！



You've given us lots of permission slips, beside the formula. 

除了“激情公式”以外，你也跟我们分享了好多的“自我意识许可”



Do you have a new permission slip for us to raise our vibration when around prosperity and financial perspective specifically. 

但对于提高富足的频率，尤其是在经济方面的富足的频率，你还有什么新的“自我意识许可”，可以跟我们分享的吗？



I know what you're gonna say, other than the formula, of course. 

我知道你要说什么，当然除了“激情公式”喽！



But that's the answer to everything. 

“激情公式”能回答所有的问题



巴夏：

So I suppose there is a mistranslation when we say it leaves nothing relevant out? 

那么，我是否可以认为：我们说“激情公式，不会把任何相关事物落下”的时候，存在翻译错误呢？



However, we will once again add this. Don't focus on only one form of abundance. 

只不过，我要补充一点：不要只关注在“富足”的一种形式上



We understand that money on your planet is one symbol of support, one symbol of abundance. 

我知道，在你们星球上，金钱是（获得）支持的一种标志，是富足的一种象征



But it's not the only one. 

但它并非唯一



And if you're focused only on one symbol of abundance, you're closing the doors through which other forms that come. 

然而，如果你只关注在富足的某一象征物上，那么，其他富足形式到来的大门，就被你给关闭了



Because you won't recognize them for the support that they are. 

因为，你识别不出它们所能提供给你的支持



Because you're insisting: Well, if it doesn't come in this form, it's not coming at all. 

因为，你坚持认为：“如果不是以这种形式出现，那富足（财神）就没来”



Been given a gift is a form of abundance, yes? 

别人送你礼物，是富足的一种形式，是吧？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



巴夏：

Synchronicity is a form of abundance, yes? 

同步性，是富足的一种形式，是吧？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



巴夏：

Trading for something is a form of abundance, yes? 

以物换物（交易），是富足的一种形式，是吧？



问：

Yes! 

是的！



巴夏：

Imagination is a form of abundance. 

想象力，也是富足的一种形式！



Because it gives you ideas to try new paths where you may not even need what you thought you needed. 

因为想象力能够带给（不同的）想法与思路，去开拓新方式、方法，而后你可能并不需要你之前认为需要的事物



So when you allow those forms and other forms to be equally valid, then you allow them to come to in whatever form and whatever amount they need to come 

当你将以上这些、以及其他的形式，视为同等有效、有价值的富足，那么，你就是允许它们，以它们所需要的任何形式，任何数量，任何方式来到你身边



Because more often than not, different forms of abundance may have to come in to support one another, a little bit of this and a little bit of that and a little that to form the 100% abundance that you need 

因为，很多时候，你需要几种不同形式的富足，之间相互支持，（比如说）这种A一点，那种B一点，再来一点那种C，从而组合成你所需要的“100%的富足”



Remember 

请记住：



Our definition of abundance is simply the ability to do what you need to do when you need to do it. 

我们对富足的定义是：在你需要做你需要做的事情的时候，你就能做到的能力！



Period! That's it. 

仅此而已！就这么简单！



The ability to do what you need to do when you need to do it. 

你，在你需要做你需要做的事情的时候，你就能做到的能力！



That's it. 

短小精悍！



So if it comes in a little bit of money and a little bit of a gift and a little bit of synchronicity, and it forms the 100% you needed that moment for the situation you're in. Why close the doors on everything but money? 

所以，此刻，如果你需要一点钱，一点礼物，一点同步性，组合成你在当前所处的环境中所需要的“100%的需求”，那你又为何只开着“钱门”，而把其他门都给关上呢？



Because if it only takes a little bit, why insist on more? 

因为，如果你只需要一点点（钱），那又何必坚持要求更多呢？



Because then you're defeating the purpose 

因为，如果那样的话，你就违背了它们出现的目的



You're not using the mechanism in the way it is representative of the path of least resistance. 

你就没运用到 它们所象征的“最小阻力的道路”的宇宙运作机制



Remember this formula! 

请记住这个公式！



Insistence is resistance. 

坚持（执着），就是抗拒！（你所抗拒的，就会持续）



So don't insist! 

所以，不要执着于某种形式！



Don't rigidized the process. 

不要僵硬化富足到来的过程



Let it flow to you. 

让富足流向你



Don't filter the other things out by only seeing one thing as valuable as valid. 

富者不滤，他们不会认为：只有某一事物（钱）才是有用、有价值的（你也不要）



Let it all flow to you. 

让一切都流向你



Yes? 

明白了吗？



问：

Yes! 

明白了！



巴夏：

Is this helping? 

这对你有帮助吗？



问：

Very much! 

非常有帮助！