达里尔：夺回你们的力量
25.10.22

                  译者：阿奎亚 Aquia

               采访时间：2025年10月20日

HCC：关于弄清楚这里到底发生了什么，在最近的塞多纳传讯中，巴夏说了一些类似的话，你们会弄清楚谁真正在管理这个星球。你能澄清一下吗？

In regards to figuring out what's really going on here, in the recent Sedona transmission, Bashar said something along the lines of, you'll figure out who is really running the planet. Could you clarify that?

达里尔：他说我们已经进入了寡头时代。我认为这是一个已经建立并持续了相当长一段时间的东西。从某种意义上说，有些人是幕后的，他们在决定人们应该思考什么，应该相信什么，你知道，但所有这些事情都不符合人类的利益，而是为制定规则的少数人服务。

He has said we have entered the age of the oligarchs. And this is something I think that has been building and going along for quite some time. There are people that, in a sense, are behind the scenes, who are sort of deciding what people should think about, what they should believe, you know, but all of those kinds of things really doesn't serve humanity, it serves the few individuals who are making up the rules.


所以我认为巴夏基本上是在说，看，是时候看看了。是时候看穿这一点了。是时候夺回你们的力量了。是时候明白，在很多方面，很多人都被不一定真实的信息所操纵。这只是帮助管理事情的人决定继续掌权，决定保持领先地位的信息。现在是时候了，你知道，这些事情发生了变化，因为，你知道的，这就是他们害怕发生的，是外星人出现的想法，这将改变社会的一切。

And so I think Bashar is basically saying, look, it's time to see. It's time to see through that. It's time to take your power back. It's time to understand that in many ways, a lot of people are being manipulated by information that is not even necessarily true. It's just information that helps the people running things decide to stay in power, decide to stay on top of the heap.And it's about time that, you know, these things change, because, you know, this is what they're afraid of, is the idea of, you know, E.T. showing up, which would change everything about society.

他们将不得不放弃登上山顶的想法。他们实际上必须以一种非常不同的方式参与人类。现在，他们认为这是负面的，这是为了帮助他们理解，这实际上会让他们走得比他们现在想象的更远。但他们也必须允许全人类朝着这个方向前进。如果我们齐心协力，它将更加强大，更加自我赋权，对每个人都更加有益，包括那些现在认为这只会让他们受益的人。他们必须管理一切。

And they would have to give up the idea of being on the top of the hill. They would actually have to participate in humanity in a very different way. Now, they see this as a negative, and it's about helping them understand that this is something that would actually take them much farther than they even think that they could go now.But they have to also allow all of humanity to go in that direction. If we all go together, it'll be far more powerful and far more self-empowering and far more beneficial for everyone, including the people that right now think that it's only going to benefit them. They have to run everything.

所以他只是说，你看，你知道，你投票给谁已经不重要了，因为你投票给的人只是那些在实际管理事情的人下面的人。这真的几乎无关紧要。你必须开始明白，泥是泥的政府。你是负责人。你必须开始做出对每个人都有利的决定，不要陷入恐惧，也不要陷入分裂。

So he's just simply saying, look, you know, it doesn't even really matter who you vote for anymore, because who you're voting for are just the people that are sort of underneath the people that are actually running things.And it really almost doesn't matter. You have to start understanding that you are your goverment.You are in charge. You have to start making decisions that are beneficial for everyone and not get caught up in fear and not get caught up in divisiveness.



你必须真正开始考虑什么对我们所有人都有真正的好处，放弃我们被教导要考虑的表面表示，好吧，如果这没有发生，就会发生一些不好的事情。你必须这样做，否则你会有麻烦的。你知道，我们必须放下所有这些，真正开始在自我赋权方面团结起来，了解这是为了让每个人都受益，即使那些现在试图管理一切的人也会受益，即使他们不这么认为。

You have to really start looking at what is truly beneficial for us all and let go of the surface representations that we've been taught to look at to say, well, if this doesn't happen, something bad is going to happen.You have to do it this way or you're going to be in trouble. You know, we have to let go of all of that and really start coming together in self-empowerment to understand that this is about benefiting everyone, and it will benefit even those who are right now trying to run everything, even if they don't think that's the case.

这是一种过时的想法。他们屈服于权力的幻觉，而不是跟随幻觉的力量。他们真的必须放手，明白物理现实是我们意识中正在发生的事情。它不在这里。这里无法控制。只有从内在控制它，才能拥有并承认我们都是通过共同协议创造这个现实的，如果我们想从中受益，我们想以积极的方式前进，那么我们必须放弃这样的想法，即我们必须在这里操纵这个现实，并开始理解如何在内在改变自己，这将改变现实和外在的反映。

This is an old fashioned idea. They're giving into the illusion of power instead of following the power of the illusion.They really have to let go and understand that physical reality is something that's happening within our consciousness.It's not out here. It can't be controlled out here. It can only be controlled from within by owning and acknowledging that we're all creating this reality by agreement together and that if we want to have a benefit, we want to go forward in a positive way, then we have to let go of the idea that we have to manipulate this reality out here and start understanding how to change ourselves within, which is what will change the reality and the reflection outside.

正如巴夏最近所说的，如果你想用诗意的语言来表达，上帝就是一面镜子。一切都反映了我们正在做的事情，反映了我们认为真实、正面、负面和中立的事情。所以，如果一切都是反射，那么我们必须审视自己，然后说，好吧，我们在发出什么样的镜像？向我们反映了什么？分裂、不和谐、混乱等都反映了我们的能量。

As Bashar has recently said, if you want to put it this way in poetic terms, God is a mirror. Everything is a reflection of what we're doing, of what we believe to be true, positive, negative, and neutral.So if everything is a reflection, then we have to look at ourselves and say, well, what kind of an image are we giving off?What's being reflected to us? Divisiveness, discord, chaos, things like that are a reflection of how our energy is.


我们必须悬崖勒马。我们必须开始平滑这一点，以便外星人看到我们将为他们邀请我们加入的银河系大家庭做出贡献。现在，如果我们不能做到这一点，这里还有其他因素与地球的未来有关，外星人可能需要做些什么来介入并说，看，你们不知道如何管理你们的星球。

We have to pull back. We have to start smoothing that out in order for ETs to see that we are something that's going to contribute to the galactic family that they're inviting us to join.Now, if we can't do that, there are other factors here that have to do with the future of Earth and what ETs may need to do to step in and say, look, you're not understanding how to manage your planet.

我们在这里帮助你们理解。我们在这里帮助你们理解行星管理。这很重要，因为我现在不打算深入讨论，但我认为我们往往会忘记，因为我们过于关注自己，地球不仅对我们很重要，而且对宇宙中的许多其他存有也很重要，原因有很多。他们不会让地球崩溃的。

We are here to help you understand. We are here to help you understand planetary management. This is important for reasons I'm not going to go into right now in depth, but I think we tend to forget because we are so focused on ourselves that Earth is not only important to us, it's very important to many other beings in the cosmos for a variety of reasons.They're not going to let it fall apart. 

我们不想成为吵闹的孩子，要求成年人走进房间说，停止这样的行为，变得更好些。我们不想到达那一点。所以我们必须长大。我们必须开始成为成年人，这样我们才能与即将出现的成年人平等，因为他们是成年人，他们将能够帮助我们管理一个世界，一个完整的世界。因为它们管理着整个太阳系，整个银河系。

We don't want to have to be the rowdy children that require the adults to step in the room and say, stop behaving like this, be better.We don't want to get to that point. So we have to grow up. We have to start being the adults so that we can be equal to the adults that are about to show up because they are the adults and they are going to be able to help us with the idea of how to manage a world, an entire world.Because they manage entire solar systems, entire galaxies.



所以我们必须意识到，是时候长大了。是时候停止胡闹了。是时候停止发脾气和争吵了。是时候安定下来，认真思考我们作为一个物种，作为地球上的人类，我们的未来到底是什么。因为这不仅仅关乎我们，也不仅仅关乎我们。我认为我们必须在银河系的尺度上认识到这一点。

So we have to realize that it's time to grow up. It's time to stop fooling around.It's time to stop having tantrums and arguments. It's time to settle down and get serious about the idea of what it is that we are and where we're heading as a species, as humans on Earth what our future is really all about.Because it's not just about us. It's not just about us.And I think we have to learn that on a galactic scale.

